I wish we could stop calling them the #GOP or Republican Party. They aren't anymore. They are really a foul mixture of libertarians, white supremacists, foreign &amp; domestic oligarchs and an extremist religious cult. 
 We are being ruled by a fascist theocracy led by an authoritarian dictator who jokes about removing presidential term limits. I'm not laughing. And they were all installed illegitimately by a foreign enemy! It's been more than a year, but it seems they are all on track to 
 achieve their goals. I worry. I worry a lot about the future. I wonder if people see the big picture or understand the strength or the magnitude of the forces working against democracy in this country. I worry a lot about what we don't know. 
 What used to be the #GOPseem to have been overrun with libertarians, dominated by an extremist religious cult &amp; white males who seem largely fixated with protecting what they perceive as their right to freely ‘discriminate’. 
 They have organized themselves extremely well in a myriad of interconnected 'far-right conservative' groups that is spreading internationally. Outside of congress, differences in ideologies are set aside to promote common goals that include continuing to consolidate wealth 
 in the hands of the few and to increase their influence on government legislation that benefits them. This is ‘freedom’ from their unique perspective. They are isolationists who tend to be suspicious of 1) international coalitions such as the United Nations &amp; NATO 
 2) international multi-lateral agreements &amp; shared efforts like the Paris Climate Agreement, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, NAFTA, the Iran nuclear deal &amp; the international space station 3) they seek to end liberal immigration policies 4) exploit natural resources at any cost, 
 and privatize government services. They believe the primary purpose of government is to support a strong military and defense. They are anti-welfare &amp; believe in low (or nonexistent) taxes, and minimal (or nonexistent) corporate regulation. 
 They believe government agencies &amp; unions should be abolished in favor of privatization in which corporations provide services &amp; are free of the shackles &amp; costs associated with organized labor, worker safety &amp; minimum standards that provide a better quality of life for workers. 
 We know Trump wants to privatize prisons, air traffic control &amp; the ISS. I think he would like to offer a privatized military for hire. I think he sees this as untapped revenue. He is in favor of privatizing social security &amp; Medicare &amp; plans to privatize his infrastructure plan. 
 There was talk of privatizing VA and will privatize anything and everything they can. Here is Jenny Cohn’s important thread on privatized education: https://t.co/Qeq0q1wgCu 
 I have only just learned that there is an "International Alliance of Libertarian Parties. It is an alliance of libertarian political parties across the world. Its mission is to promote libertarian politics internationally. 
 At the 2014 Libertarian National Convention in the United States, former chairman of the Libertarian National Committee Geoff Neale was appointed to help with the creation of an alliance of global Libertarian parties &amp; on March 6, 2015 the IALP was formed. 
 Geoffrey Neale is the former chair of the Libertarian National Committee, the executive body of the Libertarian Party of the United States. That's as much as I know right now. So it seems that the poison of libertarianism is spreading around the world. 
 They are exploiting anti-immigration sentiments to attract support around the globe. Bannon was in Italy today to support the far-right candidate in their election.