“To Q or not to Q” Fake,Real, Good,Bad, Psyop? I try to be an informer. I try to not interject my opinion a lot. Again. I TRY. There’s a lot a chatter around Q and the whole situation. I hope to state the facts and give everyone situational awareness in this thread. 
 We the people of the United States Of America are sheep. We have been fooled and misled very easily by the cabal. Some people are unruly sheep but still sheep. They like to say they are awoke. They still graze next to me in the same pasture. They are sheep. 
 Only pride and ego stands in the way of them realizing they are sheep also. Btw. I’m sheep also. We have followed blindly the leaders of our nation thinking they were acting in our best interest when indeed they were not at all seeking our best interest. Blindly-keyword 
 Yes certain people didn’t do it blindly but yet followed. They were unruly sheep. The true non-sheep are dead. They get killed because they are a danger to the herd and the Shepard. Again unruly sheep. If we had questioned and challenged along the way maybe different outcome. 
 But we didn’t as a society we trusted and blindly followed. This is how we got to where we are today! Enter Trump and Qanon. I use Qanon because Q has to remain anonymous. Why? 1. Protect Trump. 2. Protect themselves and the administration from the repercussions. 
 Q remaining anonymous gives everyone plausible deniability. I included 2 screenshots of a good definition even if it’s wiki. https://t.co/s5R0CRq064 
 Q must maintain this plausible deniability at all times. If that is ever given up by accident or on purpose Trump and the administration could be in big trouble. 
 So no matter what happens plausible deniability has to be maintained. This means above all Q has to remain anonymous. Q’s identity, authenticity, purpose, objective has to maintain this plausible deniability along with everything Q says and does. 
 Yes, there are clues, hints, tongue in cheek posts, indicators but in the end plausible deniability is maintained. We see code, double meaning words, even disinformation from Q, Q says this is necessary. Why? Maintain plausible deniability. 
 This plausible deniability is what turns away certain folks. They are usually the unruly sheep mentioned above. They will challenge the authenticity of Q and so on. This will happen when you have plausible deniability involved. It doesn’t mean they are right or wrong. 
 They just sense the secretiveness of Q maintaining the plausible deniability. Let’s examine the overall situation from way far away for a moment. We should seek to understand others before discounting their voice. 
 We are sheep and we blindly followed the cabal till now this is fact. Q says we are sheep and is trying to teach us how to not follow blindly but requests us to trust the plan and follow blindly (plausible deniability). 
 Once you realize this dichotomy then you can start to see others point of view. I’m not suggesting anyone start or stop following Q. Im not suggesting Q is fake , real,bad or a psyop. 
 I have said from the beginning this is a personal journey of discovery. If you just discovered someone else’s point of view that’s crazy awesome!! It doesn’t mean you should switch views or positions it means you are a little more awake than before. 
 If anything can be taken from this thread let it be always question and challenge everything even if it’s in private or with a pal. Discuss things throw around ideas. Make any decision with eyes wide open and fully informed of all possibilities. 
 Lest we repeat the last 200 plus years.