In 23 US states there is no “floor” for age of child to marry if parents and judge sign off on it, meaning i.e. an adult man can marry a 6 year old child legally today in the USA. Three 10 year old girls were married (and presumably then child raped, ongoing) to adult men in TN. https://t.co/IAqCEzk7cQ 
 Here is more about current child rape laws in US, state by state https://t.co/ImK4V5ItGP Contact your state legislator to move us into the 21st century, out of the dark ages where the archaic idea that children (and women) are legally property of men. Lobby your congressperson 
 The reason #MeToo stories are so very widespread, prevelent are thanks in large part to these LAWS still on our books allowing sexual predation of children and young women with no accountability. Undergirding these laws is the concept than females are “less than” males 
 This is institutional patriarchy, written in our statutes. It is the next challenge of the current women’s movement - to reform these laws. There are many: 1. convicted rapists can have custody/visitation of child resulting from rape 2. Domestic/child abusers can have custody 
 3. Adult men can legally marry children and then rape them, ongoing, state sanctioned, as long as some combination of judge &amp; parents sign off on it. And many do. 4. Police can “have sex w” people in their custody in 35 states and say it was “consensual”...then it is, legally 
 We can change these laws, we must. Women are 20% of Congress now. Lobby them. Meet w them. Ask them to make laws which are consistent with human/civil rights for women and children, not where we are legal property of men who have sexual relations w us, irrespective of consensual 
 This is the next step of #MeToo and #TimesUp, the collective work before us, if we want enduring real change for ourselves, our children and generations to come. We all must take up a piece of this work. Because time is up. 
 Look at what’s happening. Our laws, as they stand now, protect predators, not children. We must change this. https://t.co/qoB0cnG5J8