1/ Thread about useful Twitter Tools and Tips from @SallyAlbright and @CapWaterfront - Please retweet. 
 2/ Starting with threads, @WriteRack is essential. You can compose in the program or copy and paste your essay. It formats your text into a thread of tweets then you clean them up so the breaks are where you want them. Then you set them to go out on a timer. 
 3/ I use Twitter Moments to preserve threads. I used to use Tweetdeck but this is a lot easier. Sometimes I don't even publish them - they require a photo - because I can grab the top tweet straight from the draft when I need it. 
 4/ If you want to see an entire thread, or see which tweet or which user someone is replying to, click the time stamp. This works in Facebook too. Here's another tip: https://t.co/tiAySQd5p5 
 5/ @Buffer is a great tool for scheduling tweets. There are tons of apps that let you post to multiple platforms but with Buffer the posts don't go out at the same time. You can also schedule tweets at optimum times based on your when your followers are online. 
 6/ @Tweepi is great for new accounts. You identify accounts similar to yours and follow who follows them. So it's people with the same interests who are more likely to follow back. It doesn't happen that fast, and it's tedious, but reading bios can be kind of fun. 
 7/ @Tweepi also does a lot of useful analytics. It shows you what dormant accounts you follow so you can unfollow them. It's great for adding people to lists - one of the few tools out there to manage lists that actually works well. 
 8/ @Roundteam - This is how you keep accounts from going dormant or keep a presence if you aren't on Twitter much. You can set it RT tweets with keywords or tweets from people on a list- that's what I usually do. It will RT at intervals you set up. 
 9/ @Favstar shows you your most popular tweets. @IFTTT (If This Then That, rhymes with gift) does a lot of automation but doesn't do much for twitter beyond putting people on lists and emailing you digests but it's worth checking out. 
 10/ OK they make fun of me for this, I guess it's "out of style" but so what. Chrome ext. @Klout puts a little number next to someone's handle to show what kind of engagement &amp; authority their acct has. Anything under 40 is likely a bot or brand new acct. A lifesaver. 
 11/ A lot of people don't know Twitter has a robust advanced search feature. It's annoying that it only searches the exact spelling not plurals etc, but it searches a lot of different ways. This is how the Berners are so good at finding our old tweets. https://t.co/2bxaqzgdqk 
 12/ There's no need to thank people for RTs, Likes &amp; Follows. You can, but there's no need. You definitely do not need to be paying for this service. On the other hand, thanking people for their CONTENT is always appreciated and encouraged. 
 13/ Don't use auto DMs for new followers. No judgement, I know everyone does it, but don't. Exception: Events. I've seen it work for getting details &amp; updates out about your event. I've seen bars reply "Thanks for following! Text this number for a free beer." I approve. 
 14/ Don't buy followers. They don't interact with you and it's obvious they're fake. Bernie's Women's Conference had to buy followers to cover the fact that they lost so many real ones. Not a TERRIBLE idea, PR wise, but it was easy to spot. 
 15/ Never automate anything, not Likes, not RTs, especially not Follows. They will know, they always know, and you will lose your account forever. It's okay to schedule your own stuff but automation is verboten. If I did half the stuff they say I did, I'd be long gone. 
 16/ I had a client once, in 2010 when things were still kinda new. He bought a service called TweetAttacks that would follow people for you. I told him not to use it, he did it anyway, called like 2 days later, he'd been banned. Here's where the story gets good. 
 17/ So I go into the account and file an appeal. After some back and forth, Twitter says, Fine, type this sentence and send it to us. So I typed "I [person's name] confess that I used automation on X and I understand it is against Twitter's TOS" 
 18/ So the response from Twitter was basically "Automation is against our TOS and since you have admitted to using automation this account is permanently closed." They played us. Pretty hilarious imo. And that was that. It was his company name. 
 19/ The best way to get your content shared is through reciprocity. RT people who RT you. I'm in a ton of DM groups where we all RT each other's content. Think about forming a few of those. Usually if you want someone to RT something specific all you have to do is ask. 
 20/ Apparently "Please retweet" gets more shares than "Please RT" and posts with photos get exponentially more shares. I'm told 3 hashtags is the sweet spot for the most shares but I have no idea why, just passing it along. 
 21/ We tell everyone, leave your own tweets at the top when you log off. Not just your pinned tweet, your current stuff. I usually hit the top two in my mentions. This is free advertising. Even if it's just you, why not put your best face forward? 
 22/ So there you go. Nothing black hat or automated or "fake" about any of it. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
 23/ Two more things. When you have someone muted but want to see their side of a conversation, follow them, then unfollow to mute them again when you're finished. Also @Favstar shows you who interacts with you the most so you can reciprocate.