(checks watch) I mean, I probably COULD tell it now, if the people want me to https://t.co/wHgX5AkuOZ 
 OKAY: I am going to tell the story of my bigamous grandmother at the current time. Please mute me if you heard it two years ago. Please do not steal it for an Elite Daily story (happened last time.) 
 This story is very true: names are changed, some details hazy, but all described events and statements are real. 
 When I was about a year old, my mom decided to do a little family tree for me. My dad had a living mother and a dead father, and my mom asked him what year his father had died. "Not sure," Dad said. "What did he die of?" asked my mom. "No idea," Dad said. 
 "How...do you know he's dead." "My mom said so." Now, my mother was VERY familiar with my dad's mother, by this point. We describe her as a person who hated unpleasantness more than anything, but really truly loved drama. Needless to say, my mom's suspicion was piqued. 
 My uncle Don was working for the government at this point, and she asked him to find a Toronto phone book (Toronto being the most populous city in Canada, and my "dead" grandpa's home town." Opened to the "C"'s, scrolled down until she saw: "Cliffe, [dead dude's first name]" 
 At this point, my mom dialed the number, and handed the phone to my dad. A man answered. "Hi, do you uh, know Marion A? She had two children?" "Well, I've been waiting for THIS call for about thirty years." Yeah, his dad was alive and well and living in Toronto. 
 Let me now say that I have always been VERY unimpressed with my dad's dad, having a) left him with an actually bananas person and b) the phone works both ways. My dad, however, who had a truly horrific childhood, has never had a moment of judgment for his dad for this. 
 "Look," says my dad. "If any human being had the power to get away from my mother, they would have. They would have pushed a kid in front of a bus to do it." 
 At this point, my mother called my grandmother (my mom is from a Talking About Things family, and found my grandmother unbelievably frustrating) and said "so, hey, great news. Bill's dad is still alive." 
 My grandmother paused for a moment, and then said "well, I hadn't heard from him in a bit." My mom was like "so...instead of telling your kids you got a divorce, you told them their dad was DEAD?" Grandma: "Divorce is very unpleasant." 
 (My dad drove to Toronto and developed a relationship with his dad, we tagged along sometimes and brought him cartons of cigarettes and chocolate bars, etc.) 
 Time passes, life goes back to normal. My mom decides to get back to making my family tree, so she begins sorting through my dad's family photo albums. She finds one of those adorable old wedding photos, w my grandma beaming in a white dress. 
 She could not identify the groom. He wasn't my dad's dad, and he wasn't my grandma's current husband, a very polite heavily-tattooed Latvian man missing a thumb, named Janus. "Marion," my mother said. "Who are you marrying in this photo?" 
 My grandma pursed her lips, and communicated that this story was...unpleasant. Undeterred, my mother pushed on. Turns out my grandmother had married a British soldier during WWII and lived with his family and didn't like them &amp; came home on a troop ship in the middle of the war. 
 When she got back, her parents said that it would be best to just put all that unpleasantness behind her and start fresh. Why bother getting legally divorced when you can just..pretend it didn't happen and move on? 
 (We discovered, incidentally, that the British soldier had sent her plaintive letters for years along the lines of "please come back to me, Marion! Where have you gone, Marion!") 
 We are not clear on why she bothered getting an actual divorce from my dad's dad, since they were never legally married in the first place, her being still married to the British dude, but her ways are dark and mysterious. 
 And then, we come to the year 1987. I was five at the time. The year is important, but we'll explain why in a minute. The important thing is that my grandmother's current husband (well, again, she was still married to the British dude, but this is Janus) began to get...twitchy. 
 Papa John, as we called him, had always been a good grandpa. I loved to sit on his lap and play with his thumb stump. He liked to do leather work and made us little coin purses. We watched a lot of WWII movies together. He ate a LOT of pickled herring, but never pushed it on us. 
 And then, almost overnight, he had a weird personality change. Still real nice to us kids, but he started mumbling a lot. Mostly, something along the lines of "the Mounties...the Mounties are after me." My parents were like "o dear, Papa John is getting a bit senile." 
 Then he died, which was very sad. Then my parents went through his stuff, looking for tokens to send back to his family in Latvia. What they found, however, was...unexpected. 
 The reason Papa John got really twitchy in 1987? Well, that was the year Canada announced it was open to stripping citizenship from and deporting war criminals, following the recommendations of 1985's Deschênes Commission. 
 You can imagine how little interest my grandmother had in THAT level of unpleasantness (my dad did indeed pass his info on to law enforcement but I believe Papa John was pretty small potatoes in the war criminality department and not worth their time, also...dead.) 
 My parents did not tell us about that twist until we were grown, at which point I realized why the people I was told by him were The Good Guys had always lost in all those WWII movies we watched together on rainy afternoons. 
 So, now we're on three husbands, two of them not legally her husbands, one of whom was a middling Nazi war criminal. And yet, there is one more twist in store for us. 
 My dad's dad grew old. My father went to be with him in his last days, like a good son. On his last day, my grandpa gestured to my dad: "I have secrets." (I swear even this last part is the gospel truth.) 
 My dad, obviously, was like "can we not?" but his dad pressed on. "Your sister, Anna? Not mine." My dad (trying to keep his voice calm): "WHO IS ANNA'S FATHER?" 
 My grandfather: "You remember Carl? He used to drive the ice cream truck?" My grandfather drew his last breath. My dad went home and casually asked his sister (who his dad had always seemed disinterested in) if she remembered Carl, who used to drive the ice cream truck. 
 Anna paused, and thought. Then she said "oh yeah! He was really nice to me. One time he took me to the circus, just the two of us. Weird, huh?" Thank you all for your time.