TWITTER INTERVIEW: Here are answers to many of your questions about my run for Illinois Attorney General. I'm going to type this out one by one, so check this thread for questions and answers. 
 Q1/ What's it like being a first-time candidate running for office in Illinois? 
 A: It's exciting. I love meeting people and learning about what matters to them. So many people in this state feel despair about the direction this country and state are taking. I feel like we're creating a movement for change that can take action on their behalf. [cont] 
 The issues we're grappling with in Illinois are more ingrained and fundamental. Our state government is a mess, and we need to change our state government (and our state Democratic Party) with a grassroots, bottom up movement. What we're doing isn't working. 
 Q2/ Why are you running for Attorney General? 
 A: This is a really important time for our country and our state. We have a President who is threatening our constitutional rights and the very fabric of our democracy. In Illinois, we have a governor who has bankrupted our state and is waging war against our unions. [cont] 
 I couldn't sit on the sidelines during this time. As Attorney General, I could take legal action whenever Trump violated the constitutional rights of Illinois citizens. And I could lead the fight for working people whenever Governor Rauner tried to destroy our unions. 
 Q3: Renato, as always, people will want to know who is financing your campaign. 
 A: My campaign is financed through people like you. Hundreds of people making donations. No billionaires are financing my campaign and the average donation is under $100. Over half of my donations are from out of state, from people who want an aggressive AG taking on Trump. 
 One of my opponents took $100,000 from Big Tobacco. Another just gave himself almost $300,000, which removes the contribution limits in Illinois. My answer to that is to try to get more grassroots donations and volunteers. 
 Q4/ What role do you see the Illinois AG playing to protect Illinois residents against federal policies that hurt them? 
 A: The Illinois Attorney General stands with AGs across the country as the first line of defense against Trump's constitutional violations. We've seen aggressive AGs like @AGSchneiderman challenge Trump. I want to use this office to be on the forefront of that fight. 
 The specifics depend on the policy being challenged, but state AGs often are the best positioned to bring legal challenged to federal policies that violate our constitutional rights. We've seen that this year with the ACA, the travel ban, etc. 
 Q5/ What similarities do you see between Governor Rauner and Trump? 
 A: They're both ultra-rich men who don't care about the consequences of their actions. They don't believe the rules and norms that typically govern the behavior of our leaders apply to them. That's not just wrong--it's dangerous. They're both ruining our government. [cont] 
 We need change, and that means giving people an alternative that isn't just the same old politics that they've seen for years. I'm a lawyer who is ready to fight for working people against Trump and Rauner and I'll bring honesty and integrity to the office. 
 Q6/ Who has "standing" regarding Trump emoluments violations? Do states? 
 A: This is a difficult question because some courts will try to avoid this issue altogether and try to leave it to Congress. States could have a viable standing argument, but we need to investigate and develop a standing argument before bringing suit. 
 Q7/ Do you support a $15 minimum wage? 
 A: Yes. As Attorney General I will go after organizations and companies that try to skirt wage laws. I will also target wage theft. Right now, the process for workers to reclaim money they are legally entitled to is broken. 
 Q8/ If Special Counsel Mueller is fired or the investigation is otherwise halted after you are AG of Illinois, could you do anything? If so, what? 
 A: We could investigate any unlawful activity that had a nexus with the State of Illinois. In addition, regardless of what happens with Mueller, I will investigate the Russian attempts to penetrate our voting systems in Illinois and issue a report with our findings. 
 Q9/ How do we combat special interests in Illinois politics? 
 A: We need better campaign finance laws, including overturning Citizens United to get unlimited money out of politics. In this race, the limit on contributions was lifted. This creates a system where only the ultra rich and their friends can run for office. That's disgraceful. 
 Q10/ What do you need most from out of state volunteers? I think even $5 from every person who is able could have an impact--because campaigns cost a ton of money! Anything else we can do? 
 A: Every dollar counts, and for those who live out of state and can't vote, your dollar is your vote. If all of you gave $5, that would transform this race. Spreading the word also helps. Having a strong AG who will stand up to the Trump Administration benefits all of us! 
 Thank you so much for all of your questions. I'll answer more of them later tonight. If you want to learn more about the race (or donate or volunteer), please check out our website: https://t.co/C5IvNPAddh