1) Thread start: I came across Obama’s executive order 13762 this evening and it absolutely blew me away. The following thread is a mix of hard fact and personal theory. Please read with a skeptical mind, but I encourage you, if nothing else, to look into this executive order. 
 2) Sally Yates and James Comey signed off on a FISA renewal for Carter Page on 1/19/17. Since this technically did not happen on Trump’s watch, he got Comey to do it again under his administration in order to take away Comey’s ability to say he had simply been following orders. 
 3) Trump fires Yates on 1/30/17 and appoints United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, Dana Boente as acting Attorney General. Now, let’s back up a minute and talk about executive order 13762, issued by Obama on January 13, 2017. This is a bombshell IMO. 
 4) In executive order 13762, Obama SPECIFICALLY REMOVES the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virgina (Dana Boente) from the succession list to Attorney General. Read that again, then go check it out for yourself. 
 5) If you are a multitasker, open tabs for “Executive order 13762”, “Dana Boente”, and “Sally Yates” and alt-tab between them to make connections. 
 6) The obvious guess is Obama new something about Dana Boente that made him want to keep Boente a million miles away from Trump if and when he fired Yates. I believe this was an incredible miscalculation on Obama’s part as it obviously drew Trump’s interest to Mr. Boente. 
 7) I believe Dana Boente then played a part to gain Comey’s confidence so that Comey would sign another FISA renewal using the fake dossier and perhaps, other spurious evidence. Boente and Comey co-signed a FISA renewal on 4/19/17, after Sessions but before Rosentein confirmed. 
 8) Boente was Acting Deputy Attorney General when the FISA warrant was renewed. 
 9) James Comey was fired on May 10, 2017. Robert Mueller was appointed on May 17, 2017. It is important to note that this was one day after Trump met with Mueller to, as far as anyone knows, discuss serving again as the Director of the FBI. 
 10) And what about Rosentein? We won’t know until we know, of course, but I find it interesting that Rosenstein both advised Trump to fire Comey, and immediately hired Robert Mueller. 
 11) This made him look like an Alt-Deputy Attorney General. Meanwhile, Sessions is playing the part of ineffectual Attorney General. This is all a smokescreen. 
 12) Oh, and where is Dana Boente now, you ask? On January 23, 2018 Christopher Wray appointed him as general counsel to the FBI. James Baker’s replacement. Sounds like a reward, doesn’t it? I think it probably was. 
 13) The rest of the FISA story will need to come together, but I think it is highly plausible that the 4/19/17 FISA renewal is what triggered both Comey’s firing and the appointment of Robert Mueller as special counsel. Comey, of course was told he was fired for other reasons. 
 14) On 7/18/17, Rosenstein and McCabe signed the 3rd and final extension (one original, three extensions were signed). I can think of several theories as to the investigative target of this final renewal. McCabe and FISA judges come to mind as the obvious ones, but time will tell 
 15) Note: Here are the dates and signatories for the four FISA warrants (disclaimer: I have deduced the signers based on available information. Believe to be accurate). 10/21/16: Comey/Yates 01/19/17: Comey/Yates 04/19/17: Comey/Boente 07/18/17: McCabe/Rosenstein 
 16) End Thread: Thanks for reading. Let me know your thoughts. 
 Addendum: I put this together quickly and threading is not my thing normally. My main objective is to get people to look at the executive order and ask a) why the change was made, and b) why Trump appointed the exact person that was taken out of the line of succession by Obama. 
 Link to EO 13762 Note 1: You might have to copy and paste this link URL into a browser. Note 2: Removal of U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia is not explicitly stated. Rather, the position is simply removed from the succession order. https://t.co/VrgOrbWoU1