In which Chloe Westley lies about Vote Leave having a plan and deliberately pretends that no deal does not mean no deal. London #Brexit luvvies are every bit as contemptible as the worst of the anti-democrat remainers. https://t.co/XPkpQoH2NB 
 2. Vote Leave never had a plan. They could never even agree on whether to use Article 50. Later on in the campaign the VL website published their favoured mode of exit, not using A50 and simply repealing the European Communities Act. 
 3. That's the equivalent of just tearing up the treaties and seeing what happens - making no provisions for trade, or any of the other three hundred areas of economic cooperation including space, maritime surveillance and fishing. ie total collapse of every regulatory system. 
 4. That is not by anyone's definition a plan to disentangle ourselves from forty years of EU membership. There wasn't even a plan to handle the fallout of doing so. You'd have to redefine the meaning of the word plan to call it a plan. 
 5. Westley then has the nerve to say that this was the "vision" the public voted for. Again, Vote Leave seeking to own the narrative. She then claims that leaving without a trade deal is "not necessarily a problem". Seriously! 
 6. Bizarrely she then claims we should have arranged to sign bilaterals to "avoid major disruption" before triggering article 50. Except of course, Malmstroem, Barnier and Juncker all said there would be no negotiations of any kind until A50 was triggered. 
 7. Westley pretends these are adjuncts to the EU relationship rather than an integral part of the treaties and a matter for secession negotiations. This is how they can pretend that a no deal option is not as bad as it would appear. 
 8. But even supposing we had been able to tie up things like Euratom and an aviation agreement, that still ignores all the other areas of technical integration. https://t.co/fcR00hDMLp 
 9. She also insets the bizarre claim that it would be better for the taxpayer to spend 1.2bn on preparations for no deal, implying that is better value than settling our financial obligation as a means to retain a £240bn a year trade relationship. 
 10. In effect she is promoting the Brexit Taliban line pushed by the IEA, Minford and the ERG. Whether or not she is bright enough to actually realise this I cannot say. But it's the usual suspects... https://t.co/Tjvt0976Be 
 11. Pretty much every word that comes out of this woman's mouth is a flat lie. What we have here is your pretty typical London circle jerk girlie rep who knows fuck all about nine tenths of anything but they roll her out to to the media as a break from dreary cobwebbed tories, 
 12. Vote Leave and its cock puppets and zombie organisations all trace back to Tufton Street and the same handful of largely anonymous donors pushing their version of disaster capitalism - re-writing the script to pretend the leave vote was a mandate for their agenda. 
 13. In reality Vote Leave was a parasite that hijacked the campaign, took total ownership of it and in the end the vote was a rejection of the establishment rather than an endorsement of the poorly communicated Vote Leave "plan". 
 14. Not surprising then that Westley can often be found at the same events as the intellectual pygmies of Spiked Online and their respective knitting circles who see sovereignty as an entirely binary affair where global governance doesn't even exist. 
 15. Westley sounds superficially plausible to anyone who wasn't actually involved in the pre-referendum debate, but it is a fact that the gaping hole in Vote Leave was the absence of a plan and a total inability to agree on an exit strategy let alone a long term vision. 
 16. So what you got here is a useful idiot with an epic case of Dunning Kruger Syndrome doing the dirty work of "free trade" ideologues who haven't the first idea how modern trade works or indeed what an act of self-immolation a hostile termination of relations would be. 
 17. And it's interesting how since the referendum, it is only this narrow band of London Brexiters are recycled on Question Time and all the panel shows, as if no other Brexit campaigns ever existed. The poison of institutional prestige at work. 
 18. You will not that they only ever keep the debate on the most superficial level, avoiding any of the technical details because they deliberately want to keep it a binary issue - and know full well they would be utterly trounced on the mechanics of leaving. 
 19. So long as they can keep the debate polarised for long enough they can massage the notion that anyone who wants an intelligent negotiated settlement is somehow a traitor to democracy - or a "technocrat elitist". 
 20. The TPA, Westley's employer has a long track record of pushing the most extreme libertarian nonsense - wedded to the bogus and juvenile deregulation mantras of the IEA which ceased to be relevant in 1950. These people are practised liars, frauds and pretenders.