1) The LA times Lisa Mascaro has joined the anti Roy Moore smear brigade with this outright falsehood. https://t.co/MnmEKlj7j0 
 2) "In response to a question from one of the only African Americans in the audience — who asked when Moore thought America was last “great” -- Moore acknowledged the nation’s history of racial divisions, but said: 
 3) 'I think it was great at the time when families were united — even though we had slavery — they cared for one another…. Our families were strong, our country had a direction.' 
 4) This is a lie. 
 5) Here’s what the audio reveals: "Well, I think the country wasn’t ever great. I think we’ve been striving for that greatness all the way through - I think you’re right about that.” 
 6) Not only did Roy Moore say the country wasn’t great, but he specifically pointed out that slavery was a great evil. 
 7) The LA times reported the exact opposite of what the man said. 
 8) That changes the ENTIRE message. The phrase “out of context” isn’t even close. 
 9) Don Lemon put up on the screen based on the LA times article: MOORE SAYS AMERICA WAS ‘GREAT’ DURING SLAVERY. 
 10) Anderson Cooper writes: MOORE SAYS THE LAST TIME AMERICA WAS GREAT WAS DURING SLAVERY. 
 11) The difference in message is astonishing. 
 12) Here is the correctly transcribed audio: 
 13) "Well, I think the country wasn’t ever great. I think we’ve been striving for that greatness all the way through - I think you’re right about that." 
 14) "And I think it was great in the minds of those who formed the declaration although they were not perfect people. They had problems." 
 15) "Those problems have been corrected by unfortunately war by constitutional amendment." 
 16) "We’ve had to - corrected a lot of our problems." 
 17) "I think it was great that at the time, families were united." 
 18) "Even though we had slavery, they cared for one another. People were strong in the families. Our families were strong, our country had a direction. And we corrected many of the problems." 
 19) "Today I see our families divided. I see people in prison - young men and women that have a life ahead of them that have not been led and nurtured..." 
 20) "We had slavery, we’ve overcome slavery, we had prejudice we still have prejudice we’ve turned the tide on civil rights and we’ve done a lot of things to turn this country around and I think we can still make it better." 
 21) Angela Rye, when asked “where did this come from?” said “IT'S A ARTICLE!” 
 22) This is the kind of analysis we've come to expect from CNN and other completely degerated media outlets. 
 23) The smear campaign against Roy Moore has the same feverish quality as the smear campaigns against Trump. 
 24) These media cretins are willing to trash whatever shred of integrity they have left. Why? 
 25) It’s because he and others like him represent an existential threat to the culture of silence and corruption that endangers our republic. 
 26) I no longer care about Roy Moore’s political positions. They hate him. They’re willing to lie about him. Therefore, I support him. Alabamans should too. The end. 
 ADDENDUM: The link to the audio. https://t.co/MnmEKlj7j0 @drawandstrike