I want to talk about one aspect of this cult that may help to highlight just how powerfully insidious their methods are. This may give some of you the perspective you are lacking in order to grasp just how evil &amp; enormous this beast is (1) #TheGreatAwakening #HivitesGetLit #MAGA 
 People often wonder how cult members who may be unaffiliated with each other can spot each other, or how unrelated cult members can pick out cult raised unaware victims like me. There are MANY answers to this question, but right now, I want to focus on LANGUAGE. (2) 
 There are words that are relatively common but idiosyncratic in the American lexicon. The cult has specific words they use, and teach their children to use from birth. The child doesn't even know they are speaking codes. Some examples: Kiddo, Ditto, Fair Enough, etc. (3) 
 So when a cult child's vocabulary is being built, they are embedding it with cult codes, so when the child grows up and starts speaking to others, those who know what to look out for will pick up on the use of these words and identify the speaker as a cult member, aware or not(4) 
 This is just one very tiny part of the mind control and code language feature of this system. But it illustrates how EVERY aspect of the child's development is centered around the cult, cult practices, and cult patters. For EVERYONE born into it. All of us. (5) 
 If we consider hand signals &amp; body language under this same umbrella, then consider that the "kids" (as we are called) are taught to do the OK, thumbs up, Devil Horns etc, VERY early on - like before age 5. We then go flash these hand signs in our daily lives - 100% oblivious (6) 
 It is only after the child is a bit grown &amp; starts becoming aware of the truth of the Family that they will be taught these things are intentional. Some will never realize it if they don't join the cult as adult members. Mind Control trainees will be taught this directly. (7) 
 Every cult born child is offered an opportunity to join (either at 13 during the coming of age ritual, or later when they return to the cult based on programming or attraction to the occult). Those who join are funneled into the Freemason societies or local pylon for training (8) 
 So that's when they begin to learn, consciously, about the meaning of the code words and hand signals they've been using their whole lives, plus some knew ones that have secret meaning intended only for active adult cult members - Masonic handshakes and signals, etc. (9) 
 This is the method of clandestine "passing on of the tradition" that allows these things to go totally unnoticed out in the open. You would really have to be one of them to know WTF these things mean &amp; to be able to ascertain from it a person's personality &amp; role in the cult (10) 
 It's also extremely important to understand that, though these words &amp; signals may have been modified over the years as these people have grown &amp; spread over the glove, the basic rituals, "spell" words, &amp; structure of the system have been replicated, in tact, for MILLENNIA (11) 
 The ONLY way this is possible is by starting at birth, and "keeping it in the family" through this incredibly complex method of inter-generational abuse and trauma based mind control that stems from f*ing Babylon FFS. (12) 
 Let that sink in. 6000+ years parents have been doing this to their kids in these families. Every generation, since Babylon, has had a population of people doing this to their "kids" - generation after generation until we reach the present moment &amp; our current predicament. (13) 
 This is but a SLIVER of the tactics &amp; tools the cult uses to keep the system going in secret. These practices exist to ensure the continuation of the system only-100% self serving &amp; EVIL. The mental prison Family members are left in is based in STRONG family systems psychology 14