Remember this from January? The Data That Turned the World Upside Down #psychometrics #OCEAN #Psychographics https://t.co/gcK3qaGfri 
 The "Big Five" (OCEAN) has become the standard technique of psychometrics. But for a long time, the problem was data collection, because it involved filling out a complicated, highly personal questionnaire. Then came the Internet. And Facebook. And Kosinski https://t.co/YT5IJMz6aR 
 Kosinski and his team could now ascribe Big Five values based on how many profile pictures/contacts a person has on Fb, but we also reveal something about ourselves even offline. Phone motion sensors reveals how quickly we move/how far we travel (emotional instability) https://t.co/NYeTtFo85D 
 Not only can psychological profiles be created from your data, but your data can also be used in reverse to search for specific profiles: all anxious fathers, all angry introverts, for example—or maybe even all undecided Democrats? 
 SCL is the parent of a group of companies. Hard to say who exactly owns SCL thanks to a convoluted corporate structure, the type seen in the UK Companies House, the Panama Papers, and the Delaware company registry. 
 Some #SCL branches have been ▪involved in elections from Ukraine to Nigeria ▪helped the Nepalese monarch against the rebels. ▪others developed methods to influence Eastern Eu &amp;Afghan citizens for NATO ▪2013 SCL spun off a new one for the US elections: #CambridgeAnalytica. 
 November 2015,"LeaveEU," supported by #Farage, announced it had commissioned a Cambridge Analytica. The company's core strength: innovative political marketing—microtargeting—by measuring people's personality from their digital footprints, based on the OCEAN model 
 9/19/16, just over a month before the US elections, decision-makers from all over the world attended Concordia Summit. "Please welcome to the stage Alexander Nix, chief executive officer of Cambridge Analytica," Trump's new digital strategy man. Video: https://t.co/UFcrMXNxgA 
 A few weeks earlier, Trump tweeted, "Soon you'll be calling me Mr. Brexit." Some noticed similarities between Trump's campaign &amp; Brexit, but few had noticed the connection with Trump's recent hiring of a marketing company named #cambridgeanalytica 
 "It is my privilege to speak to you today about the power of Big Data and psychographics in the electoral process." While other campaigners so far have relied on demographics, Cambridge Analytica was using #psychometrics. https://t.co/plcfEei742 
 At Cambridge," he said, "we were able to form a model to predict the personality of every single adult in the United States of America." 
 According to Nix, the success of Cambridge Analytica's marketing is based on a combination of behavioral science using the OCEAN Model, Big Data analysis, and ad targeting. Ad targeting is aligned as accurately as possible to the personality of an individual consumer. 
 First, Cambridge Analytica buys personal data from a range of different sources, like land registries, automotive data, shopping data, bonus cards, club memberships, what magazines you read, what churches you attend.... 
 #cambridgeanalytica aggregates this data with the electoral rolls of the Republican party and online data... This calculates a Big Five personality profile. 
 Digital footprints suddenly become real people with fears, needs, interests, and residential addresses. #cambridgeanalytica 
 #cambridgeanalytica also uses, Nix told us, "surveys on social media" and Facebook data. And the company does exactly what Kosinski warned of: "We have profiled the personality of every adult in the United States of America—220 million people," Nix boasts. 
 Not creepy at aaaallll... https://t.co/gluA0bGGGB 
 Broke my thread again...oops https://t.co/uzuxXZ0OV2