1) A review of where we are and what the different theories of what's happening with Mulehead are. Realize that some of these cross ideological lines, and Rob Reiner and Rush Limbaugh can agree on the "facts" of what's happening, one supporting, one lamenting. 
 2) so, here we go. THEORY #1, and clearly the most popular theory. MULEHEAD is a blackhat working to impeach Trump or "find something" that can be used to remove him. Support for this view cites *So far it "appears" he had only indicted or interviewed "Trump-related" ppl 
 2) contd. *He has charged Flynn with lying *He has charge The Funnel with everything from tax fraud to operating a hot dog stand without a license. *The Fake News Media supports this view cuz they really think Trump "colluded" and this plays into their scenario 
 2) contd. *Much, if not almost all, of the conservative media likewise accepts this because they all think the Deep State is out to impeach Trump *In this view Sessions is a weak doddering fool, who if not controlled by Rod Rosenstein, is manipulated by him. 
 3) VIEW #2 MULEHEAD is a black hat actor who nevertheless was either pressured or threatened to "do the right thing" Evidence for this is: *TRUMP interviewed him a few days before RR appointed him. Trump interviewed him for "FBI director's" job---which Mulehead couldn't hold. 
 3) contd. *Trump at the time knew all the details of U1 and (supposedly) Mulehead's involvement in it and gave him an out. Do the right thing, go down as a patriot, get a pardon. *NOT popular with Fake News cuz obviously they think Trump is guilty and Mulehead a paragon of virtue 
 3) contd I will address some of Mulehead's actions below, as his actions in this scenario wouldn't be different from VIEW #3. 4) VIEW #3 MULEHEAD is working for Trump *This view begins with the same as #2, namely Trump hired Mulehead after the interview. 
 4) contd. *Trump knew what he was getting with Mulehead, and knew either he was a "white hat" or they had enough on him to make him "do the right thing." *In this view, it is a theory that Mulehead has already been guaranteed a pardon or immunity. No proof of this--just a theory 
 4) contd. *Sessions, Horowitz, and RR are in on the scheme. So, if theory #2 or #3 are correct, what the hell is Mulehead doing? 5) Actively gathering evidence. This theory holds that Mulehead is, under the guise of looking at, say, Manafort, really gathering evidence on . . 
 5) contd. Tony Two-toes, Pedo, and ultimately Cankles. *Evidence for this comes from a Politico story months ago that "FBI investigators" associated with Mulehead (think about that!) were looking into The Funnel's connections to Tony Two-Toes 
 5) contd. Evidence, contd. *Tony Two-Toes and Pedo immediately shut down their business and began shredding stuff the moment this story leaked. *To my knowledge, no one has seen Tony Two-Toes since that report. *Mulehead keeps dancing with charges against The Funnel &amp; Gates 
 5) contd. Evidence, contd. *It's almost as though Mulehead really doesn't want to go to court with these guys. If this theory is true, it would be because he DOESN'T. It's a show while he investigates the real criminals. *It's important to understand that except for . . . 
 5) contd. Evidence, contd. * . . . slip ups like the Politico report, the fake news media not only won't report these facts, but wouldn't even think to INVESTIGATE *So all revelations have to come from "alternative" journalists like Chillum, @drawandstrike @TheLastRefuge2 etc. 
 6) There is an important variation to the #3 interpretation. *Mulehead was never intended to bring charges against these bad actors himself, rather to hand over all his findings to Sessions/Horowitz and let them prosecute. That view assumes he IS gathering some key evidence. 
 6) contd. *A different version of that same interpretation is that Mulehead has NOT been gathering any "real" evidence, and that his goal has been quite different: to provide an ongoing smokescreen/"demonstration" to occupy both DemoKKKrats &amp; the fake news media. 
 6) contd. *In such a scenario, Mulehead is marching back and forth, attracting attention but not really doing anything, while Horowitz and Sessions prepare cases. *Moreover, in such a take, Mulehead could well be feeding information to Sessions &amp; Horowitz. HOWEVER, you say . . . 
 6) contd. "What about Gen. Flynn? His life is ruined. Is that just a "distraction?" Depends. @ThomasWictor has argued that Flynn, a lifelong spy, has orchestrated much of this--that he knew what he was doing &amp; was ready to pay the price. 
 6) contd. Further under the Flynn-directed-his-fate view, few would doubt that Trump would make Flynn whole at the first moment that became possible. 7) Leave aside Flynn and whether he is a victim or super-spy, what evidence is there that Mulehead is engaged in a demonstration? 
 7) contd. *Contrary to the view that Sessions is "doing nothing," in fact (and, yes Virginia, these are facts) --It was announced months ago that DOJ was already investigating U1 and had been . . . "for months" 
 7) contd. ---It was announced months ago that DOJ was already investigating Cankles e-mails and had been . . . "for months." ---It was announced months ago that DOJ was already investigating the Clinton Crime Family Foundation and had been . . . "for months." 
 7) contd. ---It was announced last week that on top of these three investigations DOJ was "considering" a separate FISA investigation. So, regardless of which theory one accepts, it is NOT true that Sessions is just "sitting there." 
 7) contd. For at least FIVE MONTHS, maybe seven, DOJ has been engaged in three Cankles related investigations. These are separate and apart from Horowitz's Inspector General investigation. 
 8) I have hypothesized that most of what Nunes, Grassley, Goodlatte, and Johnson are getting are being given them by Horowitz, Sessions, and/or Mulehead. The paperwork is so massive, I think, even Congressional staffs would have to have directions. 
 9) So there you are. Those who think Mulehead is out to "get Trump" (again, excluding Flynn who may be a separate issue) have about 2 dozen nothing indictments against Russkies and/or the Funnel. However given what has appeared in Congress it seems likely NO charges will stick 
 10) Once the FISAs unwind, it is likely that ANY person prosecuted using a FISA will demand a new trial. Not saying they'll get one, but those papers will be filed. 11) I subscribe to the smokescreen. Mulehead gives every evidence of a guy just spinning his wheels very publicly 
 11) contd. . . to attract attention while either he, or someone else, is doing the heavy lifting. 12) Ror the "Where are the indictments?" crowd I will remind you that the AIRTIGHT case against Robert Hanssen took TWO years &amp; even with wiretaps it took FIVE years to get Gotti 
 13) So, I think each side has points to address. The black hat/Mulehead bad crowd has to answer why he doesn't seem to be doing anything; why Trump hired him; why Trump has NEVER given him a nickname; and why RR &amp; Sessions express support. 
 14) The "smokescreen"/white hat view has to explain why Flynn was indicted; why NO indictments so far have come vs Cankles et al, &amp; what the connection is between Mulehead, RR, Sessions, Horowitz, &amp; Congress. 
 15) The latest wildcard is the fake news report that Mulehead is investigating a murder related to the investigation--but not the Shawn guy. Obviously this is Seth Rich. 16) Already we have seen a move by the fake news to suggest Rich was a Russkie agent. That is coming.