1) How POTUS expanded the Military's scope to get the wall built. Our friends like @LarrySchweikart are experiencing cognitive dissonance over the idea that Trump could legally build the border wall using Defense Department funding. https://t.co/HbgXReYbap 
 2) Larry has pointed out that money appropriated for the Defense Department can't magically be transferred to build a wall that is not covered under the Military's operational directives. 
 3) Larry is correct. Trump can't unilaterally decide to take funding for a B-2 bomber and use it to build the wall. That would be illegal. But there is a way to get the job done. And it involves changing the military's operational directives. 
 4) Allow me to illustrate: Paramedics have a scope of practice that's lower than an RN. Paramedics can't transport patients on certain drugs or patients with invasive monitoring. RN's can do just about anything as long as they're trained to do it. 
 5) The scope of practice issue requires ambulance services to hire more expensive nurses to do Critical Care work. I was one of 2 paramedics in the pilot program that sought to expand the scope of practice for paramedics in Washington state. 
 6) As a result of our pilot program, Washington state added a new level of certification: Critical Care Paramedic. Medics under that certification level have the same scope of practice as an RN. 
 7) If you were a medic, and you were not aware of the new level of certification and saw another paramedic transporting a Critical Care patient, you might think something illegal was going on. 
 8) Your cognitive dissonance would be caused by a lack of awareness of a rule change. See where this is going? Back to POTUS and the wall... 
 9) Trump knew Congress would never appropriate the money for the wall. Congress giving him the wall would be a win for him and his base and the DC uniparty wasn't going to let that happen. He taunted Congress about the wall and DACA for months. https://t.co/LwH1uIg8qp 
 10) POTUS had other plans in mind. For the last year, he's been writing Executive Orders establishing new directives—many of which involve the way he intends to use the military. 
 11) Terrorists funnel through the border. Trump made it an issue of national security and wrote EOs placing it under DoD jurisdiction. He's not absconding with DoD funding to build the border wall. He's changing the military's operational directives to include it. 
 12) If you haven't kept up on Trump's EOs, you're in the dark. The rules that past Presidents have played by are not the ones Trump is playing by. He made a few of his own rules. (So did Obama. And they're perfectly legal.) 
 13) That my friends is how POTUS will, in fact, build the wall with DoD funding, despite the fact that no previous President would have dared to do it. 
 14) Even WaPo is admitting to having knowledge of the plan. https://t.co/OlPkEK65FR 
 (You can deride us if you want, but those who have followed #Qanon have been keeping tabs on Trump's Executive Orders. It's is why we understood Trump's strategy regarding the wall and the military when others did not.) 
 https://t.co/qwZ22qBgTG