So the mainstream media has pushed North Korean propaganda including coverage of the head of Nork propaganda. What does that say about who controls the “narrative” (propaganda) of MSM. It’s the same people that really control North Korea. https://t.co/9VmOwaDVnT 
 MSM switches in waves of propaganda between the sky is falling to NK fawning. Hoping the public will not put together the totality of the way NK is used to yank the chain of the masses for increased military/surveillance budgets (always a good rocket launch right before). 
 We hear contradictory info all the time... NK is 10 years from nuke... NK already has it. Can’t reach US. Already can. This is what propaganda looks like... changing narratives to suit the news of the day. Trump comes in and suddenly Rocket Man is shooting rockets frequently. 
 But now with real &amp; enforced sanctions straining country, NK &amp; MSM are backpedaling. Softening &amp; now fawning. It is a narrative that simultaneously appears across MSM. They take flack from even their own followers. They knew it would cause blowback but they did it anyway. Why? 
 Many politicians have felt comfortable traveling to North Korea: Bill Clinton, John Podesta, Eric Schmidt (recently and suddenly resigned CEO of Alphabet/Google and SpaceX investor), former NM rep Bill Richardson, Denis Rodman... and on. Why so comfortable? 
 Eric Schmidt (again suddenly resigned as head of Alohabet/Google and SpaceX investor) even went there to do business. Eric “helped” Clinton in election with Google ranking, news suppression, data, and more. Eric had investor leverage over SpaceX rocket research. 
 Eric Schmidt’s Google was a surveillance project from the beginning. The NSA and CIA are called the alphabet agencies. Google’s parent company name? Alphabet. Cute right? So Eric’s interests are: surveillance, election rigging of democracy, propaganda, North Korea, and rockets. 
 North Korea is evil. The people are enslaved and live in squalor. Citizens are brutally treated in gulags. The best of the best citizens are allowed to enter and live in the capital. The capital... unlike the dark countryside, is a nice city (look in any satellite map). 
 But as Otto proves, the slightest violation can mean brutal prison treatment. So why are globalist billionaires and politicians so comfortable going there? Because they are protected. Corrupt Globalist control North Korea. Kim Jung Un is just a boogeyman puppet. 
 There are huge mansions/resorts especially along the coast (again look on satellite maps). Globalist vacation there. It’s a club. And one other thing... these same corrupt globalist own the mainstream media and have placed their people in high positions and as “journalists”. 
 MSM and North Korea/Cuba/Iran etc seems to work together because.... They answer to the same bosses. #GlobalistCorruption #MSM #NorthKorea #EricSchmidt #CNN #NBC #2018WinterOlympics #Olympics #Soros #ObamaGate #Clinton