1. We're reaching a constitutional crisis. And what is truly frightening is it's not being caused by a single branch of government, but by collusion between the White House &amp; a few members of the Republican Party who are sacrificing Republicans to end a criminal investigation... 
 2. We've witnessed attacks on law enforcement and intelligence community that are unprecedented in American history. If you excuse this because "anything your team does is ok," then never call yourself a patriot again. This is an attack directly at the foundation of democracy... 
 3. Today is a key day...Trump and his allies have successfully driven out an important member of the FBI -- a Republican - by successfully painting him in the same way McCarthy attacked anyone. The standard has become, if you are not slavishly pro-Trump, you are a.... 
 4. ...threat who must be destroyed. But the more important attack is coming against ANOTHER Republican, Rod Rosenstein. The entire @DevinNunes endgame on behalf of the Russians has finally become clear. The attack on the Steele memo never made sense. A witness is a witness.... 
 5. ...who cares whether he was once paid by a campaign? But by attacking Steele - NOT his information - the GOP, and particularly @devinnunes who can only rationally be explained as trying to protect Russia (even the idea that he is protecting Trump no longer makes sense)... 
 6. ...we have to look at what this infamous "memo" says. We now know, it creates this bogus narrative that Rosenstein improperly approved the EXTENSION of a FISA application re: Carter Page based in part on information from the Steele memo. So what? Even if they had no.... 
 7...further confirmation, there was enough for the FIRST application, and now you had a witness providing additional details. They are trying to make this into a scandal - an irrational, meaningless bizarre scandal -- as an obvious tee-up to fire Rosenstein, replace with.... 
 8...someone else and then go at Mueller. This is NOT the behavior of innocent people. This is the behavior of extremely guilty people. If @DevinNunes is not currently the subject of a criminal investigation, he should be. His behavior has gone way outside the confines of.... 
 9 ...standard congressional oversight into obstruction. His acts towards obstruction are one or two steps away from being far worse than anything anyone else has done in this undertaking. There is no congressional protection for crime. Does Russia have kompromat on Nunes? When... 
 10...has @DevinNunes ever been to Russia? This is not explainable by simply Trump adoration. In fact, if Trump follows the path being laid by Nunes, the probability of impeachment is astronomical. Nunes has already been caught lying once. This "memo" nonsense makes.... 
 11...no sense unless, from the get-go, @DevinNunes has been willing to do anything -- tear down any American institution - to protect something. Do NOT let him go after Republican Rosenstein so they can fire Republican Mueller. Certain people in this horrifying narrative.... 
 12....care about the rule of law. At this point, everything @DevinNunes does must be seen through the prism of what is Nunes trying to stop being revealed about HIMSELF. His actions, his attacks, his obstruction no longer make sense as being about protecting Trump. They are.... 
 13....about ending this investigation, at any cost -- to the FBI, to the intelligence community, to the Republican Party and to Trump himself. There is no one left that Nunes is fighting for except...himself. Why? I cannot say. But @DevinNunes knows there will never be a.... 
 14...a congressional investigation of the public actions of a Congressman. Joe McCarthy had to finally take on the US Army before the Senate gained the courage to censure him. Make no mistake: @DevinNunes is a worse threat to this nation than McCarthy was.... 
 15...at least McCarthy was in it for career advancement and at least he believed some of what he was saying and getting cheered for it. @DevinNunes is being condemned even in his own community. He is sacrificing any chance at the Senate, the governorship, the presidency. Why?.... 
 16...seemingly inexplicable behaviors have explanations. None of what we have imagined -- that @DevinNunes has been trying to protect Trump at any cost to the nation -- makes sense anymore. Reporters must turn their investigations into figuring out Nunes's real motivations to.... 
 17...tear down America to stop an investigation where everyone is "innocent." Because of course, when no one has done anything wrong, you destroy every institution of government, undermine credibility of law, intelligence community and Congress, to obstruct justice and use.... 
 18...lies and manipulations to set off a constitutional crisis. If firing Mueller destroys Trump, I no longer believe @DevinNunes will care. No Trump means no Mueller. No Mueller means that whatever Nunes is so desperately trying to hide will never be revealed. Everyone - be.... 
 19...they Trump supporters or not, GOP or Dems, must recognize that @DevinNunes is threatening not only America but Trump. Trump either did something or he didn't. I care less about that than the fact that an American Congressman is working so hard to destroy.... 
 20....America by tearing down every institution, including presidency, to stop the law. @DevinNunes cannot be trusted. There is something else going on here. And it is nothing good. Everything about his life must be investigated by reporters. We need to find out what he's hiding.