Ok my dudes, Can we get real again and talk about this "body count" fixation we got going on? Cause it's ridiculous and we should look at why we are doing it. 
 Every day on Twitter, you can find some dudes talking to each other about some woman and her "body count" You clearly don't think she's an assassin, so what's the deal? 
 "Body count" in this context isn't how many people she's killed, but how many men she's had sex with... of course. Because that's really really important to us 
 Why are we so concerned though? Why is it so important for us to have a specific number? I mean you ever really stop to think about it? 
 You've just met a woman you're interested in. The first thing you're concerned about is how many men she's been with before. What is that? 
 Let's say her "body count" is "low". (Of course we dudes have decided what constitutes low or high) What does this mean to us? That she's better? That she's more moral? Or is it just that she's less experienced? I think it's the last one. Amirite? 
 It would make sense that when looking for sexual partners we would look for those women who are confident, secure and comfortable with their sexuality. But not to us. We don't want that so much. 
 We would prefer she have as little experience with men as possible. And if we get real honest, that's about feeding our insecurities. We would like to rock her world. But that means we'd prefer her to have no experience of world-rocking to compare it to 
 This of course is where "body count" comes in. If we can just get some kind of assurance that she's never had a better lover than us, then we can be secure that we're gonna be the best she's ever had. 
 Cause that's how we are taught to think about sex: As a tournament in which we compete with everyone she has ever had sex with. Leaderboards, y'all. 
 So if you're following me, in order to feel comfortable about a woman's sexual confidence, we have set arbitrary numbers to gauge her fitness as a partner "Above this number of partners means you're worth less" 
 See how that worked? We were insecure about a thing (how mind blowing she'd find our junk) and instead of looking inward to mature and grow, we've just said "Here women. Our insecurities are your fault. Do better" 
 We burden women with the "body count" nonsense so we don't have to confront our own fears. And they are many. 
 We fear higher body counts because we fear that someone else one made her feel happier than we could We fear that someone made her shiver and moan in a way we won't be able 
 We fear that the more men a woman has been with, the bar for our own sexual proficiency will be raised too high It's easy to be the "best she's ever had" if she's not had much experience. 
 We fear that a woman with a high body count may have, in her travels, come across better and bigger dicks than ours. That would just be awful 
 We fear that whenever she goes to bed with us that she will be thinking longingly about better sex she had than us. 
 We have been trained to be so afraid of inadequacy that we would rather denigrate women for their sexual experience than to grow and learn in our own 
 But OUR "body counts" mean something different than women's, don't they? Ours are evidence of our desirability. Our masculinity Our expertise Our value 
 We have set the rules such that a higher "body count" for women is evidence of how little respect she deserves or has for herself while for us, it is proof of how MUCH respect we deserve 
 The more confident and experienced people are in their sexuality, the more they learn about themselves and the more enjoyable sex is for everyone. But we... Would prefer that women be less experienced and confident. And therefore enjoy it less 
 When we take a look at how self centered our concern with women's sexual experience is, it is little wonder that on the whole, we are not better at sex. We fixate on how good we think ourselves to be without fixating on actually learning. 
 Experience also brings better understanding of what one likes and doesn't like so preferential assertiveness increases But again, instead of confronting our own shortcomings, we place the blame on women and hold their confidence, and experience against them. 
 Here's the thing though. Being concerned about whether or not your partner says you're good in bed is not the same as being concerned that they are enjoying themselves. To fail to do the latter us to make the whole experience is about feeding our egos 
 And that's really what "body counts" are about aren't they? Comforting our egos at the expense of women's sexual confidence and dignity Making ourselves bigger by making women smaller. We can do better. Admit it.