*Thread* This article is quite bad and makes everything seem like common sense. I am going to debunk the article 1-by-1. https://t.co/US0hZFDM5O 
 pt 1) This is a survey by gun control advocates that I trust about as far as I can throw it. Pt. 2 see https://t.co/u922SDgDOL pt. 3) “red flag laws” -- If people "really" believe that these individuals are a danger to themselves or others, confine them to a mental... 
 health facility. Simply saying that someone can't legally buy a gun isn't a serious response. People can get guns in other ways just about as easily as they can buy illegal drugs. In addition, if you really people someone is a danger, why only take away their guns?... 
 Why not also take away their cars? pt 4) The intimate relationship numbers are useless because they also include crimes committed against prostitutes by Johns and Pimps. Women shouldn't be concerned about all men, but those who have a violent criminal history. 90% of adult... 
 murderers have a violent criminal history. When you see how relatively small murders are involving women, you get an idea how important these considerations are. Women, because they are weaker physically, also benefit much more from owning guns then men do.... 
 Pt 5) Safe storage laws. https://t.co/QpJM3oy4zV pt. 6) You can easily recover the serial numbers off of guns after they have been filed off. The original stamping of the serial number alters the metal under the serial numbers and can be read. Microstamping.... 
 Pt. 7) Smart gun laws https://t.co/paC3Ganx1A pt. 8) If you look at the month by month changes in crime in Boston for example where they did this experiment, the drop in crime occurred months BEFORE the program started. Only by looking at longer periods of time do they.... 
 obscure that fact. In other places, there have been other changes in law enforcement occurring at the same time (e.g., such as more police). pt. 9) There no evidence that limiting gun purchases reduces crime in either the state that the law is passed in or in neighboring... 
 It’s also illegal for domestic abusers to possess guns — Lautenberg Amendment. Buybacks don’t work (mandatory Australia mid-90s), prohibited possesses won’t submit to UBCs.