20 *more* reasons I voted to leave for #Brexit. 1. The only people who get to influence the EU are those who support its aims and direction of travel. Everyone else is frozen out - even if elected to the Parliament. They are ringfenced. 
 2. It says it wants free and fair trade but the complexity of its own bureaucracy means it can always find ways within its labyrinth of rules to exclude produce for political reasons irrespective of international trade law. 
 3. Member states have no right of initiative in international organisations meaning that good ideas die in Brussels if one of the original six has an objection. 
 4. Its energy directives are directed by groupthink, corporate lobbying and political fads leading to environmental destruction (biofuels/palm oils) and takes 20 years to revise the rules. 
 5. Virtue signalling as public policy. The EU wants to be seen as a benevolent influence so it subscribes to greenwash often with consequences entirely at odds with intent making Europe more dependent on Russian gas. 
 6. The Common Fisheries Policy. Even minor changes to protect species take several years, again blocked by corporate lobbying and political populism. I have nothing good to say about the CFP. 
 7. The Common Agriculture Policy. An obsolete idea where, like the CFP, reform is glacial and creates massive market distortions favouring agriculture corporates - making rich men richer. 
 8. The very idea of being in a treaty structure where all of our external relations and trade is bound up in one single act of parliament. Seriously, who thought that was a good idea? 
 9. The Agency Workers Directive: Yet another whack-a-mole measure to resolve issues caused by the last round of meddling, destroying labour market fluidity and resulting in less secure work with fewer rights. 
 10. The Habitats Directive. Seldom are quota and target driven policies ever a good idea. It results in policy decisions designed to check boxes and avoid fines irrespective of whether they add value. 
 11. The way in which it encourages member states to dismantle their own foreign relations in the greater glory of the EU, taking trade out of the overton window entirely - making national governments more impotent and inward looking. 
 12. The way in which there is no longer any clear line of accountability. We know longer know who is responsible for what, where the rules come from, why they exist or where to go to change them. Even MEPs are oblivious to the global nature of EU rules. 
 13. The measure of the common good is nearly always what the financial spreadsheets say, irrespective of what people might actually want. Power is in the hands of technocrats and powers of veto are increasingly diluted. 
 14. The way in which invisible legislative restraints curb local democracy and stifle policy innovations, often forcing councils to spend our money on bureaucratic EU agendas, quangos and other non-jobbery. 
 15. The fact that even if we could say we had adequate powers of veto we simply cannot trust our own vain and venal governments to use such a veto. The domestic democratic disconnect means the people have no control. 
 16. The way it undermines genuine multilateral cooperation by setting up rival bodies with a view to co-opting the agenda and gold-plating global measures to strengthen the EU iron curtain. 
 17. The fact that political union is not necessary for trade and economic integration. It uses economic integration as a tool to subvert the nation state in pursuit of an ideology which has no popular consent. 
 18. The very existence of the EU and its surpranational agenda actually stands in the way of something better. In an internet age we should be working toward a global single market without barriers. Instead the EU strengthens is own frontiers. 
 19. The propensity to invest in political white elephants like A380 and Galileo just because it feels it should have rivals to the USA. Weakening the transatlantic bond was dangerous - especially when EU members don't pull their weight in defence spending. 
 20. I just don't like the EU. I don't support its aims, I do not trust its institutions, I don't want a supreme government for Europe and I don't want the power in the hands of so few. 
 I made my mind up to leave long before there was any mention of a referendum - before Vote Leave existed. Like my fellow eurosceptics, my opposition to EU spans decades. I do not take kindly to airheaded Londoners who know nothing about the EU telling me I voted because of a bus. 
 So of my two threads today, I could produce another three to make it up a hundred reasons - but they all boil down to the same basic thing - that I don't want to be ruled by a remote technocracy that doesn't respond to change - and one which is largely self-serving. 
 You'll note that of the reasons given I make no mention of freedom of movement or immigration. I could poke holes in asylum policy and there's a debate to be had about freedom of movement but that's entirely secondary and it always was. #Brexit is primarily about democracy.