At a campaign rally just over two years, Trump said, "I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters." He was largely right, and that insight has dictated much of what we've seen over the last year. 
 Trump's approval ratings are at historic lows for a president at this stage in his tenure, but at least four out of five, and sometime nine in ten, Republicans have supported him throughout: https://t.co/fmoKOSLjEY 
 Trump owns the Republican base. And almost all GOP leaders support him as well -- whether because of that, or because they are seeing policy gains, or because they personally approve of him. 
 The last year has featured Trump giving party leaders every opportunity and reason to revolt, and them continuing to follow along. What would Trump have to do to lose them? 
 Credible reports that the president's lawyer paid off an adult film actress to keep her from divulging an affair at the height of the campaign? That happened. 
 President fires the FBI director and admits he did so because of a federal investigation into his administration? That happened. 
 Inability to firmly reject white nationalists who chanted "the Jews will not replace us" after one killed a woman at a rally? That happened. 
 Four different top aides indicted or pleading guilty while the president suggests the DOJ should be serving him personally? That happened. 
 Endorse an already racist and anti-democratic candidate amid numerous credible allegations of child molestation? That happened. 
 Use the presidency for self-enrichment? Not only did that happen, but they're actively helping. It's not a coincidence that so many major GOP events are happening at Trump's hotel. 
 Shockingly few congressional Republicans have responded to all of this by taking action. A handful have offered criticisms from mild to harsh. Most of them will not run for re-election. 
 There does not seem to be a point where members of Trump's cabinet or White House decide that enough is enough and they need to leave the administration and speak out. 
 Where's the line Trump could cross and lose the support of his congressional allies? 
 I don't think it's firing Robert Mueller, as much as people like Lindsey Graham might wish that were so. When that happens, Paul Ryan will issue a tepid statement, Mitch McConnell will probably say nothing, and that'll be about it. 
 I think the Stormy Daniels situation makes clear it can't be anything related to his personal life. There's little more racist he could say that he hasn't already. 
 He is remaking the Republican Party in his own image, as a cult. And there's little evidence that process can be interrupted. #end