Bullying. https://t.co/csB4RQMwjd 
 I know a little about bullying. Like many people, I experienced this in high school. 
 By the time I was a junior, I was facing daily harassment from some of my classmates. I was a quiet kid, found to a Catholic high school. I was from the poor neighborhood, but me family came together, and collectively paid my tuition. 
 It was a lot of money, and I thank my cousin for chipping in from time to time. Keeping me from the public school, which was closer, kept me from a lot of drug activity. 
 So I rode the bus for four years. Nearly the first one on, the last one off. There was no way I could have afforded a car. 
 I got a lot of flack regarding my K-mart clothes, but that wasn't the big deal. See, I was as tall as any boy in the school, but didn't play any sports. I had no interest, and even less ability. I just tried to keep to myself. 
 However, being a big target, I was subjected to lots of personal insults. Nerd was a good one. FAG was the favorite. I was called fag day after day. 
 Now, I wasn't gay, but that was beside the point. It was daily harassment. Then, the jostling in the hallways. Guys would lower their shoulders and try to knock me down. 
 The people doing this weren't the girls. They weren't the kids from my neighborhood. They weren't the burned-out heads. Of course, it was the football players. 
 They loved torturing me. However, I have a big mouth, and you can only kick a dog so many times before he bites back. The leader of the pack really got in my face one day, screaming at me, outside my locker, "Fag. Fag! FAG!" 
 So I looked at him, and said, "That's not what your mother said last night when she was sucking my d*ck." Like I said, I have a big mouth. 
 The guy went bananas. He was gonna beat the crap out of me after school. And he could have, handily. 
 What he didn't know, was that nearly every weekend for about three years, I reloaded bullets on Saturday, and shot all day Sunday with my father and my cousin. 
 We reloaded and shot a lot of rounds of .30, .357, .44, .45 long colt, and .223. An AR-15 shoots .223 ammo. By my senior year, I had probably shot 5,000 rounds of these. My dad had two AR-15s. 
 The funny thing, is that it never occurred to me to come into the school and shoot up the place. 
 My father would let me handle any and all of the guns as much as I wanted. But I had to ask first. Every time. I knew to ask, because my father threatened to break my legs if I didn't. He was a scary guy, and I believed him. He instilled a healthy respect for guns. 
 Instead of getting a gun, and shooting up the place, I turned to my mother. She called the school, and told the dean how miserable I was for the past couple of years. 
 My mother gave the dean enough detail, that she believed her. The ringleader was a star football player, and the dean said his father would kill him if he found out. 
 So the kid backed off. However, he just sent his proxies. His minions. So for the few weeks, I had run-ins with some junior classmen. I didn't even know their names. After getting into a few quick fights in the hallways, things called down. 
 I didn't lose any of those fights. I'm not saying I won them, but I held my own. Hit one of them so hard, I shattered his glasses on his face. I didn't even know their names, but I know who sent them. 
 Now, the ringleader is a head football coach at a Division I university. I wonder if he promotes that attitude at his school. I wonder if he still calls kids "Fag." 
 I tell this story because I was bullied severely at school. I had guns at my disposal. Nobody died. I can't imagine shooting someone. I can't understand the desire to go somewhere and shoot people. I'm not nuts. 
 Bullied plus guns doesn't mean people are going to get shot. Unless you're nuts. Unless you're a homicidal maniac. 
 The Florida shooter was a total maniac. He was acting out in every way possible, and practically daring LE to stop him. They failed. 
 Bullies are a-holes. People who shoot up schools are monsters. Not all football players are a-holes. Not all kids that are bullied shoot up schools. Responsibility lies with the individual. Of course.