🚨🚨🚨Mass shootings are used to terrorize the body politic into supporting draconian measures that erode national sovereignty. Undermining the American Republic is the single most important objective of Operation Gladio C. #2A #CIA #AdjunctProfessr ⤵️ https://t.co/gW939EALuH 
 Operation Gladio (OG) conducts terror attacks. New evidence, circumstantial, anecdotal &amp; hard proof, on the Internet points directly to intimate collaboration w/CIA, FBI, NSA, DHS, DOD, local law enforcement, &amp; other silent partners (e.g. SERCO) in the execution of OG black ops. 
 Why are we plagued by so many school massacres? Not a week goes by that there is not a shooting in a school somewhere in USA. It's a reasonable deduction that the great majority of these shootings are engineered by those seeking to irreparably tear the fabric of American society. 
 Best way to solve a crime mystery is to interview those who had the most interaction &amp; meaningful contact w/the suspect.That would be, first &amp; foremost, Cruz's attending psychiatrist and/or clinical psychologist. Next the couple who took him in, James and Kimberly Snead. 
 This is where the investigative trail begins, which will ultimately lead to the top Operation Gladio C decision-makers. Nikolas Cruz’s Last Caretaker: James Snead was a RETIRED MILITARY INTELLIGENCE ANALYST! 
 See for yourself. https://t.co/r5ewF4Q1XI 
 The reaction by Democratic politicos at every level to this particular mass contact elimination (MCE) is like no other. It’s as though a chorus of protest demanding new gun control laws was orchestrated for months in advance to be sung in unison across the land. 
 The rampage across America by gun-hating liberals has been so fierce &amp; unrelenting since the Florida shooting that their reaction alone ought to be a dead giveaway. This tragic massacre was engineered to hijack the mass shooting &amp; use it to take assault weapons off the streets. 
 Think about this. Newtown. San Bernardino. Las Vegas. Sutherland Springs. And now, Parkland. Five of the six deadliest mass shootings of the past six years in the United States. In each of them, the gunman had an AR-15-style semiautomatic rifle. 
 Trey Gowdy asks the right questions. https://t.co/WNfsmqj9BR 
 The barrage of assaults by the Very Deep State via Operation Gladio C are occurring so fast &amp; furiously, they must be addressed in a decisive manner. Not to do so will seal the fate of this constitutional republic. 
 Is their any patriot who does not yet agree that Deep State’s seditious lawlessness demands immediate &amp; vigorous prosecution? 
 Operation Gladio C is fundamentally a covert military operation. The U.S. Armed Forces will be compelled to form the military tribunals necessary to administer the Uniform Code of Military Justice. As Commander-in-Chief, @POTUS can lock the perps up at Guantanamo Detention Camp. 
 Operation Gladio C must be terminated, before it terminates US!