(1) The gun control protests today were TINY. The kids are already getting bored with it. They probably celebrated 4/20 with a joint &amp; forgot to leave the house to march. I want to unpack one of these signs, where they try to use a lame argument for abortion on demand. https://t.co/luQ6kVFhib 
 (2) "Republican law makers, stop protecting fertilized eggs and start protecting living children." Take it from me, someone who used to make better arguments for abortion, that assertion is gonna fail at the first hurdle. First mistake: Life doesn't begin at birth. #Science 
 (3) It's easier for an abortion supporter to see a fetus as just a "fertilized egg." IMO the only stage of pregnancy where this even has the potential 2 be scientifically plausible is the first few days. The age at which they feel pain keeps being lowered by scientific discovery. 
 (4) Science is not only lowering the age at which a fetus feels pain, it's also lowering the age of viability outside the mother's body. (BTW, they started calling her a woman not a mother, and now they call her a person, so as not to upset women who want to be men. Seriously.) 
 (5) "Republican law makers" actually care about keeping their promises to their voters, so they're not about to break them just because pro-abortion teenagers demand it. The pro-life movement is growing in all age groups, incl the younger #ProLifeGen. Abolition is in sight. 
 (6) Tying the guns issue to the abortion issue is about the dumbest approach for either issue. If allowed to debate in an orderly fashion, conservatives easily win the argument for each one. The left's solution is to scream over our voices, taking the country toward civil unrest. 
 (7) The strongest argument for abortion on demand is the woman's bodily autonomy. Unfortunately for the left, that too fails, as soon as it's pointed out that half of babies are female. The argument for abortion after the age of viability (20 weeks) immediately fails, too. 
 (8) I don't expect the child holding the sign to understand the issue, since she prob has no one in her life who can explain it accurately. The smarter among them will do their own research, &amp; prob join the #ProLifeGen. Those unwilling to open their mind? Good luck to them. END https://t.co/EAs0CDgAFq 
 (9) @threadreaderapp please unroll, thanks. 
 (10) Unrolled version. #2A #ProLife https://t.co/8dHnYbsRLH