1. Dossier Deux: Dossier is the spinal cord/ geometric center of the “circle of filth” If you don't know what I'm talking about, you might be a liberal, clueless or just woke up from a coma. You could also be my wife, but that’s a whole different “circle” https://t.co/TjIOJWdsP9 
 2. Andrew McCabe is choosing early retirement at 49 while the FBI lawyer James Baker has been reassigned. Nothing happens due to pure happenstance in Trumps’s world. Choosing early retirement is not something McCabe would do for kicks, the back story will be interesting. https://t.co/IyjdB46W2g 
 3. Meanwhile Obama’s carefully crafted insouciance towards the Trump dossier appears to only be a facade. He appears to be connected on so many levels, its mind-boggling. https://t.co/JgScSOmFgH 
 4. Enter David Corn, named after the little pieces you occasionally find undigested during one’s customary expulsion of fecal matter. Corn has been buried deep within the bowels of the democratic party and knows its innards by virtue of his permanent domicile within it. 
 5. Corn grew tall in media fame when he published “47percent”, Mitt Romney’s secret videotape wherein Mitt Romney told group of GOP donors that 47 percent of American people were freeloaders and would always vote for Democrats. https://t.co/Pt0c7gT1Mr÷-liberal-bullshit-boring/ 
 6. Remember Christopher Steele gave the dossier to David Corn’s Mother Jones. Originally Corn didn't reveal his source. Buzzfeed simultaneously published the dossier in its entirety while Mother jones only provided and parts of it https://t.co/D2NgxeMw09 
 7. Later Corn credited Steele with the Dossier saying "The former spy told me that he was reluctant to be talking with a reporter". He pointed out this was not his common practice. “Someone like me stays in the shadows” https://t.co/gdCdWNyHGQ 
 8. Corn said “I also was able to review memos the former spy had written, and I quoted few key portions in my article. I did not report specific allegations—especially lurid allegations about Trump’s personal behavior, because they could not be confirmed” Read this several times 
 9. Meanwhile Lord Cornholio has been the subject of sexual assault allegations in 2014. However mother jones took no action because they believed that he had been “remedied”. The irony that this man alleged a sex dossier given his turpitude is lost on libs https://t.co/atLKQwRNy1 
 10. Emails written in 2015 revealed that Corn joked about rape and “regularly” gave “unwelcome shoulder rubs” to several women. https://t.co/rmY1hvd1hv 
 11. James Baker, the FBI's general counsel, communicated with Mother Jones reporter David Corn in the weeks leading up to the November 2016 election. So Chris Steele the British spy AND FBI general counsel were in touch with Corn.https://t.co/Oqdp4310gC 
 12. James Baker has now been reassigned. Strzok and Bruce Ohr are both in the doghouse after their roles in the circle of filth have become clearer, McCabe is retiring early. https://t.co/CmTrmrNulU 
 13. Buzzfeed published Dossier in its entirety. In it Steele accused Russian tech entrepreneur Aleksej Gubarev of partaking in elaborate hacking campaign against Democratic Party during 2016 election using botnets to bombard Democrats’ computers with porn and bugging devices 
 14. Of course Gubarev filed a libel lawsuit against Buzzfeed. The judge declined to dismiss the case asking buzzfeed for more information https://t.co/YWFNCXBYh2 
 15. In Nov 2017 Gubarev’s lawyers began asking buzzfeed to reveal their sources and questioning if buzzfeed was even "real news” and asking if it would qualify for reporters privilege. They have even subpoenaed Mother Jones, Yahoo and others https://t.co/nzngYy1gAL 
 16. A few days ago Gubarev’s lawyer said have identified the person who gave anti-Trump dossier to Buzzfeed from alternate sources “As it turns out, we WERE able to get information we wanted from another source” https://t.co/ji69CCHMXE 
 17. To recap: Gubarev’s team knows identity of the person who gave the Dossier to Buzzfeed, McCabe who couldn't recall anything true about the dossier last week is retiring early and James Baker the FBI counsel is being reassigned. All at the SAME time. https://t.co/wz158RNDOI 
 18. James Baker-David Corn connection is more than a news headline, I suspect we will hear more about how Corn used juggernaut of media machinery to systematically spread falsehoods in his quest for never ending fame. We should be hearing more on David Corn in the near future. 
 19. https://t.co/oUL9kDsuYY Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) Vice President Richard Painter seems to curry favor with Mother Jones when reporting Anti-Trump news. There’s a churlish quality to their disappointment when judges rule in Trump’s favor 
 20. The same Richard Painter wrote against Trump’s Russia Collusion using David Corn and Mother Jone’s reportage to make the case. See the connections? https://t.co/USVg66SpvT 
 21. As I have stated previously “In looking at deception, look for a circle formation. Depravity, criminality, treason, are all team sports and love company” Buzzfeed, David Corn, McCabe, James Baker have taken their well earned seats in this circle. Merry Christmas Friends -Fin