#cambridgeanalytica violated federal election laws... https://t.co/7kV88QM3hX 
 Bannon, Mercer, Nix #CambridgeAnalytica employed non-US citizens to work on US election campaigns and allegedly coordinated with superPACS https://t.co/GJp1DYYlFA 
 The legal memo warned #CambridgeAnalytica to carefully hide behind a firewall any work it did in a single state/election for a particular candidate &amp;for super-PACs supporting the campaign. SuperPACS can spend unlimited funds but cannot coordinate w/individual candidates. 
 The nonpartisan Campaign Legal Center, which represents the public interest, has accused Cambridge Analytica over allegations of illegal coordination with superPACS 
 The Campaign Legal Center has filed evidence with the FEC alleging that the super-PAC Make America Number 1 made illegal contributions to Trump’s campaign, “engaging in unlawful coordinated spending by using the common vendor Cambridge Analytica”. 
 The memo specifically called for Nix to step down from work on US elections. “In order for Cambridge to engage in such activities, Mr Nix would first have to be recused from substantive management of any such clients involved in US elections,” it said. 
 “The prohibition against foreign nationals managing campaigns, including making direct or indirect decisions regarding the expenditure of campaign dollars, will have a significant impact on how Cambridge hires staff and operates in the short term,” the memo stated. 
 Two employees confirmed that they were still answering ultimately to Nix throughout the mid-term election campaigns that ended in November 2014. 
 “Mercer’s lawyer told a fairly stunned group meeting that it wasn’t allowed,” said one non-American employee who was based in the US at the time. “I’m not sure what, if anything, CA did to act on that knowledge.” 
 "We were really speaking directly to the voters in a number of states,” said one former employee, who served on a team with several people who were not US citizens or green card holders. #cambridgeanalytica 
 Another ex-employee claimed that they had been provided with letters to give to US border control officials where needed, stating that they would not be working there. 
 Bannon, Mercer and Nix did not respond to requests for comment on the legal memo or their operating structure during the 2016 presidential election. Of course not.