My birthday is Feb 21. I can't afford my #healthcare after Feb. 28 because my monthly premium leapt to $1,978.10 in January. I'm re-applying for #Medicaid and #SSDI, but no one should have to do this in America. I am just one of millions. 
 I'm angry. I've been angry since Nov. 9, 2016. I'm not by nature an angry person. But when you're fighting for your literal life, you're in constant pain &amp; you have to fight a system dedicated to crushing sick/#disabled people, it's enraging. 
 All over America people are crowdfunding *healthcare *prescriptions *#oxygen *dental care *medical tests *surgeries Not artistic works or small films or books but THINGS THAT WILL KEEP US FROM DYING. Take that in, America. 
 Everyone was warned insurers would raise premiums exponentially when the #GOP repealed the #ACA mandate. Republicans claimed that was a "scare tactic." Well, I'm officially scared. GOP also gave my health insurer (and everyone's) a permanent 15% tax cut in the #GOPTaxScam. 
 People with comfortable incomes love to tell those of us on the verge of destitution "We're all in this together!" and "We have your back!" Except we AREN'T all in this together. That's why Trump is POTUS. 
 Years ago, when I was in the domestic Peace Corp, there was a girl standing in Jackson Square in New Orleans. Probably my age, maybe a little older. She was begging for $. I didn't have any. None. I heard her cry out, "Please, I'm so hungry!" To this day it haunts me. 
 Trauma therapy, which I've been in for a year, tells you that our brains are wired to recall devastating moments we experience. What happens in trauma, is there are too many and our brains overload and we get #PTSD. 
 I don't know where I'm going with this thread. I try never to write when I'm angry. I'm angry that the #nytimes is highlighting people like Quinn Norton, Bret Stephens and Bari Weiss. I'm angry that I'm SO POOR and that I am not alone in that. 
 There are no #poor people like me writing for any mainstream publication in America. That's not good for America because there are millions of us, most of us are women, and there's no one to speak for us. And since no one speaks for us, our voices are suppressed. 
 If publications like @nytimes wanted to be EDGY, they'd hire writers like me who speak for a massive 45M Americans living in poverty like I am, not folks like Quinn Norton, Bret Stephens or Bari Weiss who represent extremist right wing views already highlighted everywhere. 
 The Wife is doing her best for us. Two nights a week she drives to another state to teach at a second college because she can't make enough money to cover our expenses working just one teaching job. It's 2am and she's just getting home. 
 Anyone who's actually read this thread (pretty sure this isn't going to get the 1k RTs my threads usually get), thank you for listening. Sometimes you have to stand in the public square and scream out "Please help me!" Just remember, it's not just me. It's millions of us. 
 Someone sent me this earlier. It's beautiful, so I am sending it to everyone who's gotten through this thread. https://t.co/2fqO4hHoJY