A message to #All #Americans: Brothers &amp; sisters of this #Nation that from its very inception has stood for freedom in stark defiance of oppression. #America is a country who's people serve as an inspiration to all that self determination is a cause worth fighting &amp; dying for. 
 I implore you for a moment to set aside #political Furies and recognize the pedigree from which our collective-character has been sculpted. We are not fearful of any conflict if it obstructs our ever lasting pursuit of #Liberty and #justice for all. We are not perfect -- 
 But we are not ashamed. #Americans are a people who's pride and self-worth are not granted by any king or offered by dictatorship but are inherently derived from within the individual human spirit. #WETHEPEOPLE are rulers, this is our land, our home, our destiny. 
 There has always been and may always be a #duality to #America. A sibling rivalry of ideologies tugging at the helm that sets our course. Our means of ensuring a steady voyage through our history is by appointment of a captain to ensure the will of the people forever set course. 
 The crux of our divide today is this: There is a distinct disagreement among the #American duality that has redrawn political battle grounds, in party &amp; in way of life. There is a philosophical debate over what #America has been, what She is and what She is destined to be. 
 We know now because we are no longer naive children that our #CommanderInChief has been struck down in mutiny before. We know now because we refuse to feign ignorance that millions have died in our name based on lies told to us by our government. This occurs still. 
 Those lies have led to an erosion of our freedoms, infringements on our rights &amp; abuses by those entrusted with protecting #America's people and her legacy. All Americans that bask in the glow of Lady Liberty's eternal torch must heed the bells that are tolling for freedom. 
 We are stewards of the flame that lights the way in the darkness of a world engulfed with shadow. Not our government, not our forefathers, but their offspring generations down the line are entrusted with the responsibility of securing the pursuit of happiness for any -- 
 And for all willing to endure the slings and arrows that comes with the pursuit of every dream. We stand on the precipice of glory. Yet are out running our own destruction. #WeThePeople have choices to make. Time is now to discuss what our future holds. What comes next is certain 
 The #POTUS Will either be unseated or he will withstand. True to her duality, reality is multiple and resides upon partisan lines in #America. Inevitably, large swaths of ideological ranks will outrage at either outcome. Now is the time to prepare for #fallout. 
 #WeThePeople are one. Our our kinship IS NOT a sibling rivalry like that of Cain &amp; Able but like Eng &amp; Chang, a symbiosis that makes us inseparable. Our country is vast, and she is rich, and she is beautiful. And she is not defined by our government that has long been exploited. 
 She has been pillaged by corrupt &amp; greedy worshipers of the dollar who lack any integrity at all. America, we are many in number. Always the ire of oppressors around the world, they fear the spark we ignite in the hearts of the oppressed. We can't cower now in our finest hour. 
 Place your faith in in only yourself &amp; your god &amp; America because she is calling you to the fight. There is a moment growing closer that is sure to impress upon the face of the world -- perhaps even beyond -- who exactly it is we are as Americans. Who we are to be in the future. 
 Do not be afraid. Do not despair for what it is we might lose or what we might come to find we have lost. We can not grieve for the mistakes we did not know or understand we were making. We can only ensure we never again take for granted the remarkable blessing of freedom. 
 Our land is a land for patriots and rebels, it is for the proud and the determined. It beats with the pulse of a brave heart yearning to cry for freedom, even in the face of certain death. Though we may be in opposition for now I implore you to belive and underatand this: 
 If you are among the millions lucky enough to be able to call themselves an #American, then I am proud to call you my kin. The totality of what we share is far greater than that of our divisions. We do not understand each other for now, but we will reconcile in truth in the end. 
 @ThreadReaderApp unroll