I don't know if I 'feel it' or what it is. But whenever #QAnon posts are up I don't sleep (me up again till 5.a,m last night) nor matter how much I try to ignore them (hence why I haven't continued with #Abramovic, I am exhausted, you guys) This kept me up most of the night👇Why? https://t.co/LIN4vJnX4V 
 2-Jeez. cos I am a nerd❗️😝 More specifically, the workings of the #Pope &amp; the #Vatican. Whatever goes on at #Epstein island I am fully aware (even if I haven't shared it-you don't need to see, trust me). So I have been racking my brains all night. I always assumed that the 
 3-Pyramid of evil, the all-seeing eye, the Cabal, the whatever the fuck you want to call them, but the POWER itself, was the Vatican. Not necessarily the #Pope himself (despite the current one being evil), but the #Vatican itself as an entity. I have alway assume the 'eye' to be 
 4-of Horus (so to speak) to be the #Vatican. With the 3 sides of the pyramid being Soros, the Rothschilds (#FlyRothsFly) &amp; SA. Of course all interlinked with Royal Families everywhere. Don't get me started on the actual origins of 'blue blood'. Believe it, there is science to it 
 5-We know from #Qanon that SA has had a change in leadership &amp; slowly but surely is all going smoothly (women can drive, recognize Israel as state, etc). The Roths are doing #FireSales everywhere &amp; losing power every day. #Sorors is being allowed to operate only to link him to 
 6-Other activities &amp; collect evidence to bring all the #MOFOS downs. So I racked my brains all last night wondering about the #Vatican and my early findings when I first jumped into the #FollowtheWhiteRabbit bandwagon. Some of it I knew before, but a lot of it I find due to anons 
 7-Tireless research. What I am about to say in the next few posts is going to sound batshit crazy to you all. Believe me when I swear I had 100% all the info to back it all. I swear, on my family, yours, whatever you hold dear. You know my research skills by now, I do not bs 
 8-Everything I say can be either easily searched (no links) or is all backed by research. I am not lying when I say all the info I was looking for to post on this thread has mysteriously disappear from my computer. But whatever i am going to say next, I had it backed by FBI/CIA 
 9-documents. Homeland Security. Files upon files of military personnel (navy, air, land) along with some footage of certain interviews. I promise you guys I will try to find all this info again, or as much as possible, and link it where I can on this thread. But hear me about: 
 10-Millions of years ago everything was 'bigger' cos there was more oxygen in the atmosphere (science fact). What is also a fact, is that humanoids lived alongside dinosaurs (again, research) despite the many times common core science tells us this was not the case. 
 11-This can be researched &amp; proved ☝️ We are also told that a giant meteorite (or several, depending on your school of science) hit the earth &amp; all dinos &amp; everything got wiped out. Except for crocodiles &amp; alligators. &amp; a huge number of sea animals (jellyfishes, mastodon... 
 12-('leviathan',etc)&amp; a bunch of land creatures that somehow lived the 'darkening of the sun, the gas cloud &amp;the rest of stuff that happened due to the encounter'. Except Humanoids. They were never there.&amp; Dinos died. Deal with it. Common science tells us so. All dead. Don't dig 
 13-One of those meteorites allegedly, parted a portion of the Earth &amp; become the Moon, in time (this is up for the debate). What you need to take from this ☝️is that way many creatures survived that what we are led to believe. Open a few science books &amp; do research to see it. 
 14-Out of this creatures (feel free to call me crazy from here on), &amp; this is where I had all my research save, are a few noteworthy. 1- Not all dinos died &amp; a bunch of diff. species survived, cos, guess what? They were smart enough to go underground or hide on caves. Crazy uh? 
 15-Those dinos that didn't die managed to survive to modern times &amp; evolved. You heard that right. They frigging evolved! What I know is that they have feathers &amp; can walk in 2 legs if they want to &amp; have 'primitive' ways of speech (aka,I don't understand them).But they are smart 
 16-I swear to you all I will try to find my lost resources to all this if is the last thing I do ☝️so you all know I am not making shit up.Some architecture around the world (5000 years ago or less will also prove this)Folktales always carry a hint of truth,not matter how small 
 17-All this I had backed by FBI/CIA/DHS files + interviews with foot soldiers. ☝️Not a crazy hippy in his mom's basement. Since they managed to survive a bunch of Earth strikes, a bunch of Ice Ages along the way was no issue since they managed to learn to live underground 
 18-Just a quick note, these ☝️like everything else, prob. didn't stay the same size as meters high we are accustomed to see them in textbooks. Evolving also means shrinking in size. So who else survived the Earth's strike? 2-Giant humanoids, or what we call giants, nowadays 
 19-Giants, like humans, were of different species. Some evolved (or devolved, depending on your thinking) to what we call today the squatch (that right?) and yetis &amp; a few others lost tribes around Tibet. Plus a few others I haven't dug on. https://t.co/Gg2Xf745Lw Of course 
 20-All this have been meticulously covered by the Smithsonian. I kid you not. Anything that doesn't fit mainstream science gets hidden away or destroyed. Seriously, ask the Smithsonian sometime to give you a tour of their hidden artifacts, see what happens 
 21-So besides those giants I mentioned ☝️there some others (apparently red hair) that I can't remember from my files if they were hidden in the caves of either Pakistan or Afghanistan. But there are many records of soldiers on this &amp; how it takes 10-12 of them to take 1 down 
 22-Are we good with the crazies❓ Here is something else. At some point in history there was a 'garden of monsters'. I believe even the Bible speaks of this (E.von Daniken). More importantly, whether those monsters were created as a result of 
 23- otherworldly entities (Annunaki, in layman terms), or even before them, what is called among the conspiracists as 'alien astronaut theory'. Whatever you believe, it doesn't matter. The point is chimeras. Ancient chimeras, as such. There is a theory that that is why Muslims 
 24-don't eat pork. Because pigs are actually chimeras made from our DNA, from us, and as such, they are partly human (hences why organs always fit so well). So in a way, is a form of cannibalism when we eat them. This, of course, is up for debate &amp; speculation. What is important 
 25-Is that at some point in history those chimeras were made,whether by our ancestors,or alien people or whoever. But they do exist (plenty of records of this, too). Even modern science does this (Montauk, Plumb Island, etc). For all of this ☝️I had solid evidence to back it up 
 26-I will check on &amp; try to find those files &amp; add to this thread every now &amp; then. There are 2 more 'things' I am going to skip over cos I don't have solid evidence for it. 1-Hybrid computer that feeds on humans. 2-Dark entities/demons/devil/pick one (FBI has lots on this) 
 27-Oh, and one last thing, UFOs. 3 types. more or less 1 = ov. 2=extra dimensional entities (from this world, so to speak). 3= beings from other planets. So what does all this have to do with the #Vatican, you might ask? Well that is exactly what I was pondering over last night 
 28-So I thought everybody reports to the Vatican, but didn't considered the Vatican to be reporting on anybody else. So who &amp; where? The where is easy. Is the place all the scientist keep dying &amp; all the gov. official meet, inc. Vatican &amp; nobody is allowed to go... for science 
 29-Where? South Pole. Where the Rothschilds have their very own island. Where all the climate change gets faked. Do you know that all the freezing subhuman conditions are only in certain locations &amp; some others are warm &amp; cozy? 
 30-So why are all the power people so concerned with a place nobody is allowed &amp; is cold af &amp; is just 'research' going there? Why are there hundreds of military bases (not research labs, though some) &amp; scientists keep dying when they discover certain things? 🤔🤔