#Brexit Thread: a list of 20 random reasons why I voted to leave the EU 1. The impossibility of meaningful treaty reform. We cannot edit the supranationalist DNA of the EU 
 2. The exclusion of the public from decisions relating to further integration. See Treaty of Lisbon. 
 3. The way in which the EU will seek homogenisation and integration for its own sake and for that of EU ideology over practical necessity. 
 4. A completely unelected High Representative pushing a foreign policy with zero mandate where there is no common position among member states. 
 5. The way in which political elites have their own narcissistic groupthink and impose policy with no regard to the unintended consequences. 
 6. The way in which the European Parliament makes decisions for us despite the pitiful mandate and low turnouts. 
 7. The way in which the EU creates a platform for populists and the far right - and is largely responsible for its resurgence. 
 8. The fact we have a supreme government for Europe and our leaders have no idea how it works or the depth of integration - or how we even got here. 
 9. The way in which corporates can capture the regulatory agenda and lobby without meaningful public scrutiny. 
 10. The way in which its aggressive trade policies in Africa destroy fishing grounds, forces premature trade liberalisation and drives migration - leading to people smuggling and thousands of deaths in the Mediterranean. 
 11. The fact that it finances institutions of civil society to manufacture establishment loyalty and pays NGOs to lobby it for the pretence of legitimacy. 
 12. The fact that even if we had a pan-European demos with meaningful power blocs, the Parliament cannot dictate the Commission agenda. 
 13. The way in which it never takes responsibility for its failings, often in denial of the problems it creates. 
 14. The way in which it turns a blind eye to politically inconvenient breaches of its own rules while ruthlessly enforcing them in weaker member states. 
 15. The way in which it slowly erodes domestic powers to legislate our own labour markets and terms of employment. 
 16. The way in which unions, NGOs and academia become compliant and emollient - then go native - forgetting their primary function. 
 17. The fact that the EU's most vocal supporters have no idea what the EU is, are oblivious to its history, and use it as a veil of narcissistic righteousness irrespective of its blood soaked trade policy. 
 18. The way in which trade progress is pegged to the slowest ship in the convoy, muting the potential of member states in pursuing their more relevant cultural relationships. 
 19. The way in which it gradually erases member states from international forums and global bodies, handing the power to a small unelected elite as we witness the privatisation of regulation. 
 20. By my understanding of the word democracy - the people having the power to shape the rules they live by, I cannot see that the EU is anything approaching democratic. 
 And here are a few things that did not influence my vote: Big data directed marketing, fake news, Russian bots, Vote Leave, the promise of £350m a week, a red bus, Boris Johnson, Nigel Farage, Ukip, fear of foreigners or straight bananas. 
 That you think those things did influence my vote is ultimately the snobbery that swung the referendum. Vote Leave did not win the referendum - the EU and the establishment lost it - and this current connivance to delegitimise the vote is another example of why.