So a lot of you credit me with a great deal of patience with ignorance. Let me explain a bit why it's so important to me to try to be so patient... 
 One of the amazing things that has happened over the past decade is that social media has increased access to the voices and concerns of marginalized people 
 Because of this access, people who have long been ignored, exploited, erased, mischaracterized, abused, disenfranchised and caricatured are finally being heard on a national scale 
 The momentum of intersectional understandings of marginalization and oppression is due in part to all these groups speaking out in newfound unison. Albeit not necessarily in unity 
 What is becoming increasingly evident as these groups successfully disseminate their messages is that the discrimination they face has largely been normalized and deeply rooted in our nation's consciousness. 
 Because of this pervasiveness, acting to root it out requires radically changing one's schema of how the world works. 
 Whether it be a matter of learning to embrace spectrums Or learning to deconstruct whiteness Or unlearning dogmas about gender Or examining how you use language Or recognizing your own latent biases Or learning to identify widespread ableism They're all significant shifts 
 I wrote this thread a while back that adds some context https://t.co/07TUPNM4DD 
 Part of helping people to inspect their worldview is respecting the work that it takes to do so even if one is willing and enthusiastic And remembering what it took for you to address your blind spots 
 There are few things that irritate me more than watching people be impatient and belittling to others for not understanding something that they themselves weren't even aware of until recently 
 There may be value in squaring off against someone who is caustic, disingenuous or abusive in their ignorance. But drawing swords against those who would agree given a chance to hear AND PROCESS the thing you would like them to understand is counterproductive. 
 I think frequently of college where each professor issued their course load without regard for the courseload the other professors had hefted upon their students 
 Recognize that when you are asking someone to upend everything they thought they knew, that someone else is likely doing the same on another subject Overwhelm is real 
 It's important to remember that changing one's worldview isn't a single event, but an iterative process of learning, failure, re-examination, refinement, more learning... 
 Something might seem clear as day to you and you can't possibly understand how anyone could see it differently. But that's probably true for them too. That's why your worldviews differ 
 So patience helps. So much of this is new. That it is new does not absolve a person of the consequences or culpability in sustaining oppressive beliefs, but it is relevant to the process of unlearning them 
 What's not helpful is wielding your newfound understanding as a weapon to attack those who are not yet privy to it. What's not helpful is using your newfound understanding to position yourself as better.