#DeltaMike1776 🇺🇸ATTN PATRIOTS🇺🇸 Larry Nichols needs help as his 29 year battle with the Clinton Cartel has exhausted his resources! Please donate if you can! RT to bring Hillary down! #LockHerUp #DrainTheSwamp #NicholsLive https://t.co/W250dXllPu https://t.co/UsDnq5PHl6 https://t.co/mnt9xvz2D5 
 1. If you don’t know Nichols’ name, you at least know about his work to tell the American people who Bill and Hillary Clinton really are. While governor, Bill Clinton had many problems that Nichols had to cover up, including: Clinton’s use of drugs, his pathological lying, 
 2. and his womanizing. These issues in a small Southern state would be career-ending flaws and, therefore, it was a herculean task to deal with. It was only when Nichols found out about the network of cocaine trafficking right in Arkansas that he realized he could no longer 
 3. turn a blind eye to what was going on. Worst still, Bill Clinton’s best friends were running the cocaine out of an airstrip near the small Arkansas town of Mena. 
 4. When Nichols discovered the criminal operation, he told Bill Clinton he could not have any part in that. Additionally, since it was Bill’s friends running the operation, Nichols told Bill he had two weeks to stop them or Nichols would. That situation put Nichols on the outs 
 5. with the Clintons and in the middle of an incredible journey that still goes on to this day. Because of his being a part of the Clinton machine and his knowledge about the cocaine distribution by Bill’s circle of friends, the fight was on. 
 6. Larry Nichols was the person who started releasing the truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Almost all of the scandals including Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey, Juanita Broaddrick and, of course, Monica Lewinsky, were brought to light by Nichols. 
 7. In addition to the women were the several scandals of Whitewater, the cattle futures, and more; but the one that poses the greatest danger for America was giving to North Korea the nuclear equipment to generate power which also allowed N Korea to develop nuclear weapons. 
 8. Larry Nichols is credited with causing Bill Clinton to be impeached and his terms as president to be tarnished for all of history. Unfortunately, Nichols’ work did not end when Bill Clinton left office because another Clinton was preparing to run for the presidency; 
 9. and, of course, that was Hillary. It was up to Nichols, once again, to tell our country about her. Thankfully, enough people realized who she really was and, in the end, caused her to lose her 2016 bid for the presidency. 
 10. It was the scandals and the true stories about the Clintons that have finally been successful in stopping them in their insatiable lust for power. 
 11. Now, however, Nichols is trying to inform the country of a soft coup that is trying to impeach President Trump and, ultimately, overthrow our form of government. Once again, through his inside contacts and sources, Nichols is trying to save our country before it’s too late. 
 12. From involvement in the investigation of the CF to his efforts to help the nation understand how deeply corrupt our government is, Nichols recognizes the important role each of us must play to save our nation from a threat greater than any we have faced throughout our history 
 13. For those who don’t know about Larry’s history of exposing Bill &amp; Hillary Clinton and putting the bad guys in Washington behind bars, you can also watch the Clinton Chronicles online.