Here are some real ideas to fix the #immigration system. 1. Get rid of the 3 and 10 year bars and replace with a fine. 2. Put more asylum officers near the border. 3. Create a market-based cap for employment-based immigration. 4. Create an entrepreneurial startup visa. 
 5. Create a path to a green card for E-2 investors. Include any children brought here before age 21. 6. Let's really make a 10 year law: provisional green cards. 7. Direct DHS to allow people to take the steps to correct their immigration status. 8. Penalties besides deportation. 
 9. Put money and resources into fraud detection. 10. Expand guest worker programs to allow people to go back and forth. 11. Invest in antigang resources. 12. Centralized U visa databases. 13. Tax incentives for microbusiness in high unemployment areas. 14. State biz incubators. 
 15. Expand ESL instruction. 16. Create state Offices of New Americans. 17. Make real use of S visas to take down cartels. 18. Make filing for citizenship free or almost free. 19. Create path to green card for longterm TPS holders. 20. Recognize "deportees" as a group for asylum. 
 21. Survey world immigration laws and sample the best to create a Model Immigration Code. 22. Give federal judges power to stop deportation for good cause shown. 23. Use fines levied for immig lawbreakers to help fund free vocational/college education for US citizens. 
 24. Vote out elected officials with close ties to nativist, white nationalist, or fearmongering groups such as FAIR, CIS, NumbersUSA, US Inc., KKK, VDare, etc. 25. Give immig judges true independence, more support staff. 26. Backlog relief for India, China, Philippines, Mexico. 
 So much can be done. Yet we're stuck between a border wall and DACA. And gutting protections for 90% of the currently undocumented. They've been gutting it for decades. It's not working. It's like paying someone to rebuild the same building you just paid to knock down. 
 And then whining that "illegal immigration is too expensive!" and whatabouting other things to spend money on. STOP MAKING IT SO DAMN EXPENSIVE THEN. Each hardworking immigrant deported is lost humanity, dignity, and yes, value. Why not invest instead of expend?