How to Add Value to People (thread) Whether you like it or not, human relationships are based on value. If you find that high-value people are not interested in relationships with you, it's because you haven't built your value up enough. Here are several tips on how to do this. 
 1) Be Well Balanced and Interesting Having a diverse set of interests makes you interesting. It makes it easier to connect with people in conversation, which builds value. It also means you have a higher chance of knowing something that the other person doesn't. 
 2) Contribute to Someone's Interests Very similar to point #1. If you can contribute to an interest of someone else's, they will find you valuable. This is especially true if you are much more knowledgeable about it than they are. 
 3) Be Sexually Attractive This means being charismatic, in shape, interesting and well dressed. Trigger warning to SJWS: People like being around attractive people. If you take care of yourself, it says great things about you biologically and evolutionarily. 
 Attractive people tend to have more self-confidence, which adds to the value of conversations. Those in good shape often add more energy to conversations, which attracts others to them.And attractive people are just nice to look at, even if both people are same-sex &amp; heterosexual 
 While one can be born with attractive features, being in shape and attractive generally shows that you take care of yourself. This means people take your opinions more seriously. And naturally, women may want you just for being sexually attractive. 
 4) Have Something Somebody Wants This can be money, influence, knowledge, status, supplies, or anything else. If you have something that the other person wants, you are instantly valuable to them. Just be aware of those who are deceptive at trying to get this out of you. 
 5) Connect With People Conversationally Social skills are *extremely* valuable. All else being the same, someone with charisma has much more value than someone without it. And if you have a wide array of interests (point #1), you can easily connect with people. 
 Great charisma and conversational skills make people feel good around you. Human relationships are emotional as well as transactional. Remember: people never remember everything you've said to them, but they *always* remember how you make them feel! 
 6) Be in a Position of Power Over Somebody The more status you achieve in a field, or in life in general, the more people will come to you. Acknowledge this for what it is and understand how you can leverage your power to get favors from them. 
 7) Be an Expert at Something Valuable Granted, this takes a long time. But the more in-demand your knowledge and skills are, the more people need you. The more people need you, the more they can't afford to lose you. This can be an *extremely* powerful dynamic in your favor. 
 8) Know How to Market, Teach, and Sell It's not usually enough just to be valuable. It's essential to know how to express your value. If you can put yourself out there on the internet, through networking, etc, and sell yourself properly, you will have many choices in life. 
 Additionally, if you know how to teach well, you can spread your knowledge and wisdom to others. This by itself is extremely valuable and will make you a magnet for those who want to know more about your skills and expertise. 
 That's all for now. If you found this helpful, you can do me a big favor simply by retweeting the first post of this thread. 
 And sign up for the Western Mastery email list for more content like this via email. The next emails going out are 8 Ways To Get More out of Twitter and 3 Thought Processes That Separate Boys From Men. Sign up now so you don't miss out on these emails! https://t.co/3rmoae9XUs 
 My brothers, do me a favor and look this thread over. RT it if you think your audience would like it. @realMarkB33 @AwareIntegrate @TJRicks_TSP @ryanstephens @mrshadeed @WellBuiltStyle @DrRalphNap @RationalMale @DarkTriadMan @TheGentlemanJak @TheFamilyAlpha @MasculineDesign 
 I will be @ ing many of you over the next month or so to get more of my ideas out there. Your audiences will probably find my information very valuable, but if for some reason you don't want me to do this, just let me know. I won't take it personally.