1. At each step in the process you have to be prepared for the Alinsky-trained opposition to say: "prove it"! https://t.co/5JH0nkw7Yp 
 2. One of the better known strategies by the Axelrod generation, when they know they have been caught on severely damaging information, is to bait their political opposition into going too far. 
 3. It is a psychological strategy that has proven highly effective for years, arguably for over a generation. 
 4. Find a public face of the issue that everyone will recognize. Find a location and venue that is familiar to everyone.... then seed bait. 
 5. Get the opponent to make a claim that is too far beyond currently known evidence. Then, very strategically, and very publicly call them out with a simple: "Prove It". 
 6. As soon as that opponent cannot "prove" that specific claim, then all subsequent downstream claims are dismissed through the use of the previous public down-dressing. 
 7. David Axelrod or Lanny Davis (or their VJ crew) would like nothing more than to see a highly visible figure make a claim right now that President Obama instructed political surveillance upon Donald Trump through the FBI and DOJ. 
 8. Fellow travelers, those who know the effective use of the technique, are right now looking for that opportunity. They are looking for that person, that visible person, who is bold enough to make that claim publicly. 
 9. As soon as they identify their very public *mark*, they will subtly position a counter operative prepared, seemingly at a random moment, to deploy the "prove it". 
 10. If they can bait a well known public official, or a generally well known representative of oppositional media, into that position -TALKING BEYOND PROVABLE EVIDENCE-... they will. 
 11. If they are successful at getting a public entity, visibly on record, publicly making an accusation they cannot yet immediately prove - Axelrod, Davis, Brock, then flood the media cycle with use of that single example to diminish all else. 
 12. That strategy works like a charm, every time. See: Fast-n-Furious, IRS targeting, Benghazi, Pay-to-Play, etc. etc. etc. https://t.co/tKvkrJ9W0T 
 13. Additionally, the same use of NSA surveillance didn't just start with Donald Trump. It's been going on for a lot longer. Even the FISC publicly acknowledged a pattern period from 2012 through 2016 that was deeply concerning. 
 14. So before a *kitchen cabinet* of White Hat-minded swamp drainers could even begin to confront the corruption and conspiracy, they would first need to identify people within their own team who were likely compromised. 
 15. That unfortunate reality means some "ranking political members" are likely to work against the interests of exposing corruption. Some members are invested in long term UniParty indulgences. It is the way of the swamp. https://t.co/JBiqsJFEE6 
 16. Notice how the "Senate Intelligence Committee" is entirely cut out from the current swamp draining endeavor? 
 17. Notice how the "House Oversight Committee" is entirely cut out from the current plan to expose the FBI and DOJ corruption.? 
 18. There's a reason for that. 
 19. "Begin, with the end in mind"... 
 20. Nunes - Swamp Draining via FISA-702 Abuse. https://t.co/AIbDM1lk5X 
 21. Grassley - Swamp Draining via FBI and DOJ oversight and corruption (emphasis on FBI) https://t.co/Wl4qT4nmQZ 
 22. Goodlatte - Swamp Draining via DOJ oversight - using DOJ Inspector General Michael Horowitz investigation. https://t.co/GO1cQbYrnK 
 23. Batting Order: Lead-off hitter: Devin Nunes Second: Chuck Grassley Third: Bob Goodlatte Clean-up: Michael Horowitz https://t.co/HndpuD7sgR 
 24. End https://t.co/nLh7cHsjJp