(1) Some things that changed when I went from SJW atheist to Trumplican atheist: I stopped bashing #PrayForTexas &amp; saw it's value for ppl. https://t.co/O5IvxuoBFp 
 (2) When I was an SJW I used to say "you pray for [insert location] so you can virtue signal while doing nothing practical." This is a lie.. 
 (3) SJW atheists assume they know others' motives. Once I started respecting people enough to consider THEIR beliefs &amp; actions, I changed. 
 (4) When people of faith encourage others to pray for others it's bc often there is nothing they can do directly. They're not there. Also... 
 (5) When a person of faith hears that someone is praying for them, it usually brings them comfort. Yet SJW atheists dismiss that effect. 
 (6) The Left calls Trumplicans "lacking in empathy" yet a solid case can be made for THEM lacking in empathy. Esp the SJW atheists. 
 (7) What greater empathy can there be than to seek help from the Creator, on behalf of someone else, in a way that brings comfort. 
 (8) Here's a saying that triggers SJW atheists incredibly: "There are no atheists in foxholes." 
 (9) Perhaps the meaning of "There are no atheists in foxholes" might be: When the SHTF, human nature is to seek higher meaning. 
 (10) I can guarantee you, many SJW atheists feel extremely uncomfortable when you question whether their atheism would survive a foxhole. 
 (11) For SJW atheists, their lack of belief hasn't been subjected to mature, logical scrutiny. For a conservative atheist, often it has. 
 (12) It takes mental and moral courage to really examine your beliefs or lack of beliefs. SJWs, by definition, have undeveloped beliefs. 
 (13) There is no such thing as social, economic, environmental or reproductive justice. There is only justice... which is often elusive. 
 (14) SJWs define justice in childlike terms. Justice is whatever makes them happy at the time. Bradley Manning is a great example. 
 (15) To Bradley Manning, "exposing" what he believes are "war crimes" justifies giving sensitive intel to our enemies. Manning is not God. 
 (16) Military men and women with more intellect, training and lawful responsibility determined that the intel must be kept secret. 
 (17) It's not for Manning or any other misinformed SJW to determine what intel should be kept secret. He swore an oath to follow orders. 
 (18) But to an SJW, even military authority is open to question. Manning believes his sense of "justice" supersedes lawful authority. 
 (19) Even Christian SJWs believe they can supersede lawful authority. Despite the New Testament's clarity on the matter. This is bc 
 (20) Christian SJWs are moral relativists. And don't say "they're not real Christians" either bc as I was taught, that's not for us to judge 
 (20) Moral relativism is a scourge on humanity. Atheism makes it more likely in a person but anyone can do it if they are a sloppy thinker. 
 (21) None of this fascinating discussion is possible with SJW atheists, though. They are fundamentalists like those they criticize. 
 (22) People have to come to a place of insight themselves, pushing them only drives them away. Many SJWs have eventually seen the light. 
 (23) I just see it as my "calling", if you like, to work for our side, mature people with empathy who use logic and evidence. 
 (24) I hope that by sharing my story of transformation from SJW to conservative you will be encouraged that there is always hope. 
 (25) Prayer does work. It brings comfort, fellowship &amp; hope to the hurting. Something "social justice" can never do. #PrayForTexas END