I wake up to enough #gammon in my mentions to fill two question time audiences, or three pubs, or one and a half old peoples homes, all saying the same shit. The temptation to get into a 132-way #Brexit fight isn't really there, but let's do this anyway. https://t.co/rizdChO5k8 
 Here is the argument: "Love Europe! Not the EU!" It's clearly so much bollocks I shouldn't have to do this. But whatever. That argument *might* have some credence if it were not for some of the fellow Gammon saying European citizens should be kicked out. https://t.co/9xAQIF0TdP 
 That argument *might* be considered intellectually honest if it were not so often accompanied with "If you love the EU so much go live there!". How can one live in a "political construct not a place"? 
 It *might* work if Brexiteers were not intent on "controlling our borders" with the continent, stopping free movement of continentals, whilst at the same time saying that they don't care about a border with Northern Ireland... well they're sort of honorary Brits, eh Gammon? 
 But, aside from the above (just a few of the obvious ones), the principle problem with this one is that your hatred of the not just the EU but Europe in general is fucking obvious to all. https://t.co/d35jBvoyNh 
 A country or continent is just a piece of land that juts out of the water. What makes a country, or continent, is the people who live there. The, whether you admit it or not, EU is the people of Europe gradually coming together. 
 It's the biggest project in European history, intended to improve the lives of all European citizens, remove barriers to people living in Europe to live, love and work where they want, to stop the need for nations to go to war, and to feel united as a people. And you "hate" it. 
 That's perfectly fine. But if you then go on to say that you "love Europe" what you'd really like to see is people getting back to the good old days of Germans being efficient in their funny little country, the French eating weird things, the Dutch having windmills and cloggs... 
 ...whilst the UK sits there ruling the waves as well as "cooperating with" (AKA ruling over) some of the countries you no doubt feel Britain has some sort of connection with, because your history education was damaged. https://t.co/MlvPwdcmGb 
 Because Britain isn't really Europe, is it? It glorious history, it ruled the world, it had Shakespeare, Einstein, da Vinci, Descartes, Mozart, Alexander, Socrates, and Noel Edmunds. We won two world wars and a world cup! Why should such greatness cooperate and compromise? 
 If only the EU could break apart, and Europe get back to being loads of little countries bickering, England could be great again! But having the EU there, big and powerful, that England must either join or be diminished by, really hurts, doesn't it? 
 So, when you say "love Europe, hate the EU", you're revealing yourself to be an intellectually defunct and dishonest little Englander, who really loathes foreigners who aren't either subservient (India) or honorary English (America). So stop hiding behind that crap, it's a lie.