(1) I'm a history buff, especially on WWII and the Cold War. I've been reading about the Channel Islands (UK territory near France) and the 5-year German occupation there. Very interesting example of how tyranny takes over. https://t.co/K9wmCIPYsO 
 (2) The UK failed to properly plan and carry out protection of the Islands or to evacuate as many civilians as possible. Many ended up killed one way or another, including Jews deported to extermination camps. Other Islanders refused to leave when they had the chance. 
 (3) Granted, hindsight is 20/20 and in 1939-40 the UK government was fighting for the survival of the whole country, and trying to help continental allies. It's still disturbing though, to realize that people weren't enabled to make an informed choice. 
 (4) In my opinion, WWII history is essential to understanding contemporary foreign and domestic affairs. All the information we need in order to prevent tyranny in our own country now, is available if we are committed to learning the right lessons from the war. 
 (5) I still find it staggering that most people believe Nazism was a right wing ideology and not a left wing ideology. Until they get over this hurdle they can't possibly understand what happened and why we must prevent history repeating. 
 (6) Most people don't even know which hybridized ideology and groups are our enemy. Two books have been published in recent years that address this matter. 
 (7) You can start to identify our enemy by reading: 1. Field of Fight by @GenFlynn 2. Gander by https://t.co/IMTNkQ3nsA aka @debradelai The old enemy was never fully defeated. He has a different name but the same ideology as he had 80 years ago. 
 (8) A while ago Saul said that the Allies didn't learn the lessons of WWII but the other side did. They dispersed, regrouped and continue to apply what they learned, in the hope of achieving domination through their international networks. 
 (9) We know why @GenFlynn resigned from his position in the previous administration, and why he campaigned for Trump and briefly served in the current White House. The US and her allies desperately need his knowledge and skill in fighting our enemy. 
 (10) We are now very close to the possibility of the case against Flynn being dismissed and him being exonerated. For sure, our domestic enemy will never accept that he is innocent, but that doesn't matter. #ClearFlynnNow is what justice requires. A pardon is not enough. 
 (11) The Founding Fathers understood tyranny and how to prevent it. Many of them wrote about what a descent into tyranny would look like. To a great extent, their predictions have already come true. There is certainly still time to halt the descent, and we already have. 
 (12) It's been hard for some to trust that progress was being made. The FBI's own OPR took decisive action against a former Deputy Director. It really has started, folks. The public exposure of the rightful, constitutional #DrainTheSwamp project is a joy to behold. END https://t.co/Gzj0GdWXk0