Who’s up for a #WednesdayWisdom quiz? How much do you know about Mueller’s investigation into Russia’s involvement in the 2016 election and Trump’s campaign? Test your knowledge with these 7 questions. You ready? https://t.co/m8XF6IpqSZ 
 1. Has Robert Mueller’s investigation uncovered any evidence of crimes? 
 2. Has Mueller issued any criminal indictments (charges)? 
 3. How many indictments have there been as of today? 
 4. Has Robert Mueller obtained any guilty pleas stemming from this investigation? 
 5. How many guilty pleas has Mueller secured so far? 
 6. Has anyone gone to jail in connection with Mueller’s investigation? 
 7. Mueller’s investigation is currently the longest running special counsel investigation in modern history. 
 And now, let's get the answers. 
 1. Has Robert Mueller’s investigation uncovered any evidence of crimes? Answer: Yes, it has. (Sources at end of thread.) 
 2. Has Mueller issued any criminal indictments (charges)? Answer: Yes. 
 3. How many indictments have there been as of today? Answer: 17 
 4. Has Robert Mueller obtained any guilty pleas stemming from this investigation? Answer: Yes 
 5. How many guilty pleas has Mueller secured so far? Answer: 5 
 6. Has anyone gone to jail in connection with Mueller’s investigation? Answer: Yes. Alex van der Zwaan reported to federal prison on May 7. 
 7. Mueller’s investigation is currently the longest running special counsel investigation in modern history. Answer: No. Not even close. Mueller was appointed 371 days ago. The AVERAGE investigation was 904 days, with the longest clocking in at 2,978 days. 
 Thanks for playing!! 
 Source #1 https://t.co/qFS0RqMZns 
 Source #2 https://t.co/kiCc8DCPxN 
 Source #3 https://t.co/CXDBlXPDWg 
 FINAL NOTE: I find it very disconcerting that so many Americans have no idea of the impact Mueller's investigation has already had. If you, like me, have the same concerns, I'd really appreciate it if you'd RT the top tweet to spread it around Twitter. Let's get the word out.