So I just saw this on FB... https://t.co/rvHtMqwJkB 
 There are very things in the world more frustrating than trying to explain racism, privilege &amp; discrimination to people who are the perpetrators &amp; beneficiaries of those oppressive systems. 
 The feigned ignorance &amp; public arrogance that are intended to place the burden of teaching about oppression squarely on the shoulders of the oppressed. 
 I’m always astounded when I think about living in my country, so many years after it was declared “free &amp; fair”, and still be subjected to the viciousness of blatant racism &amp; the wounds of micro-aggression. 
 And at work, it seeps in slowly &amp; quietly with “harmless jokes”, derogatory comments about black hair, black politicians, black culture, black intelligence. 
 I’ll never forget when, at Standard Bank, a white man (senior to us) told myself and two other black colleagues that we were wrong &amp; did not understand the black experience or the needs of black customers. 
 Racism within the corporate environment thrives because it is incubated in a culture of institutionalized violence against black people &amp; the evasion of accountability at any cost - incl threatening legal action and/or loss of income. 
 As a single mom, I wrestled with whether or not to speak up, whether or not to risk my job, whether being vocal about my experiences would mean that no other organization would be willing to employ me. Thing is, this doubt is what gives oppression space to grow. 
 Knowing that we live in a country where speaking out against injustices is more likely to have you vilified while the perpetrator gets to watch you crash &amp; burn without needing to lift a finger. 
 Is it not crazy that after everything this country has been through, black people are still expected to explain why they feel racially victimized? 
 Is it not crazy that there are people who try to make believe that as long as the k-word isn’t used, it can’t possibly be a racist attack? 
 The fact that I could work at Standard Bank, with a workload that far exceeded my white counterparts and earn half of what they earned directly reflects the pervasive nature of racism &amp; its role in discrimination because it is a system. 
 CorpSA has a deeply rooted culture of discrimination against black professionals. Think of it in the context of domestic violence. When a man physically assaults a woman, we know that’s abuse. 
 What about when he takes away her money or the financial provision she depends on him for? And when he swears at her? All of it is abuse. Racism &amp; institutionalized discrimination, with all of their nuances, are no different. They manifest in different ways with one goal: DESTROY 
 And what we’re left with is depression, mental &amp; physical breakdowns, inability to sleep, excessive anxiety, emotional trauma, heart attacks, strokes, joblessness and sometimes, death. 
 With this understanding of what black professionals go through, what can do to create meaningful change? I have a few ideas... 
 1) Would you be willing to make a monthly contribution to a fund that covers legal costs for labour issues faced by black professionals who don’t have the means to pursue legal action for unfair treatment? 
 2) Can we establish a platform that becomes a repository that equips black professionals in the workplace on labour-related matters, educating on their rights and assisting with understanding employment contracts &amp; negotiating fair terms? 
 3) Can we establish, promote &amp; celebrate a culture of whistle-blowing that goes beyond financial fraud &amp; forces corporate accountability &amp; equality for black professionals? 
 4) Can we put in place mechanisms that will protect whistleblowers from being bullied at work or subjected to constructive dismissal? 
 5) Can CorpSA be forced to extend their interim &amp; annual reporting to include labour issues, grievances, resolutions, etc? Forced, audited (not by KPMG) transparency? 
 The only time things will change is when we force that change. And we have to start now. #BlackProfessionalsFightBack 
 If you have a story to share, ideas that can help or want to get actively involved, please use #BlackProfessionalsFightBack so that I can see your contribution and/or get in touch with you. 
 I just cannot imagine how we can speak of economic transformation when we can’t even get real equity &amp; equality for black professionals in CorpSA.