Mr. Trump, you told the Russians you'd be running for president in Moscow in November 2013—and indeed it was that declaration that led to the anti-U.S. campaign in early 2014. Cohen had made clear by mid-2013 you were running; you confirmed it to the Agalarovs and Yulya Alferova. https://t.co/UyjT9QMqbE 
 2/ In Spring 2013, The New York Post interviewed Michael Cohen about the bevy of presidential polls you had put in the field. Cohen said, in answer to questions about whether this meant you were running for president, "Well, we're not taking these polls to stow them in a drawer." 
 3/ Immediately thereafter—mere weeks—Russia suddenly put in a bid for the 2013 Miss Universe pageant by wooing you face-to-face at the Miss USA pageant in Las Vegas in June. The Russian delegation needed mere hours to convince you Russia should leapfrog 19 nations for the honor. 
 4/ The Agalarovs, Ike Kaveladze (later at Trump Tower in June 2016), Yulya Alferova, and Artem Klyushin made up the Russian delegation, which overpaid you for the Miss Universe pageant by giving you $20 million, which helped keep the pageant from bankruptcy, according to reports. 
 5/ Your own tweets reveal you were also promised a meeting with Putin, which you'd been seeking for years. Yet by the time you arrived in Moscow for the Miss Universe pageant in November, Putin had backed out—because your presidential ambitions were by then clear to the Russians. 
 6/ Cohen—childhood friend of ex-Russian mobster Felix Sater—of course had every opportunity to communicate to the Russians what he'd already implied to The New York Post about you running. Even if he hadn't, you communicated it directly to your new business partners in Moscow. 
 7/ Yulya Alferova tweeted to you shortly after you left Moscow that she knew you'd make a great president. It was a topic you'd discussed with the Russians in November 2013 in Moscow as they were developing for you—with Putin's blessing—a wildly lucrative Trump Tower Moscow deal. 
 8/ We know this because Putin sent to your pageant—in his place—his permits man, Vlad Kozhin. He also sent his banker—head of SVB—to host you. And of course Aras Agalarov was and is the Kremlin's real estate developer. So Putin backed out but gave you those three men in return. 
 9/ The result, according to Emin Agalarov in a Forbes interview, was you signed a letter-of-intent in Moscow in November 2013 for Trump Tower Moscow—using funding from Putin's banker (announced 10 days later), land from Putin's developer, and permit approval from his permits man. 
 10/ As Putin was—from a distance—arranging this lucrative deal for you, you were confirming the signals Cohen had already sent far and wide: you would run for president. Yulya Alferova, a member of your Moscow entourage, left your company in Moscow with no doubt about your plans. 
 11/ Within a matter of *weeks* the Russian operation had started up. You, Don and Ivanka remained in regular telephonic and in-person contact with your new business partners—the Agalarovs, Putin's developers—during early 2014, as the Russian machine began its attack on America. 
 12/ All this is *confirmable* by your tweets; the social media accounts of your Russian entourage; public statements by your own entourage; interviews given by you and others to major media; and statements you made privately to your friends at the time. There are pictures galore. 
 13/ Indeed, Aras Agalarov publicly announced in February of *2017* (not a typo)—via a major Russian construction website—that the letter-of-intent you signed with him in November 2013 became inactive only *after* you ascended to the presidency, as you now "couldn't do any deals." 
 14/ Mind you, this is separate from Schiller confirming that a Russian in your Moscow entourage offered you prostitutes. And hey, guess what? Artem Klyushin—a Russian in your entourage—had a best friend named Konstantin Rykov. What does Rykov do? He runs Moscow's largest brothel. 
 15/ Fortunately, there's no evidence Rykov and Klyushin worked together to help elect you. Actually, let's scratch that—as before the Buzzfeed dossier ever came into the public sphere, Rykov bragged publicly, on social media, that he and Klyushin worked together to elect you. 
 16/ Rykov's specific boast—which included facts that would later end up in the dossier, but which he couldn't have known at the time unless he had access to classified U.S. intelligence—was that the plan to aid you in becoming president began, in Russia, sometime in 2011 or 2012. 
 17/ All this is just the "Cliffs Notes" version of a mountain of documentary evidence suggesting the Russians knew you were running for president well before Americans formally did—and that they began their operations in 2014 fully aware that by mid-2015 you would announce a run. 
 18/ It's fortunate you only watch Fox News—as from watching that media outlet you would've had no idea that these events have been traced by both major media *and* independent journalists. And it's from within that ignorance that you claim Russia's 2014 actions are exculpatory. 
 19/ Neither Bob Mueller nor major-media journalists like Luke Harding are tracing your involvement with the Russians as beginning in 2015—when you announced your presidential run. They are seeing evidence that in 2013—and even before—you had let Russia know your political plans. 
 20/ It will be found—as it's the only theory of the case consistent with the facts—that it was your statement to Russian nationals that you'd run for president in 2016 that was the proximate cause of their decision to wage a massive cyber-campaign explicitly directed to aid you. 
 CONCLUSION/ *No one* in the intel community confirms your claim—or Pence's—that the election results weren't affected by Russia. And we already *know* from macroanalysis that your hijinks with Giuliani to coerce Comey into re-opening Clinton's case *did* affect the results. {end}