Corbyn’s speech to Scottish Labour conference, Dundee – confusion and contradictions on Brexit or why is Labour not opposing Brexit? a thread 1. 
 Corbyn “Make no mistake about it, reduced access to European markets means fewer economic opportunities for people in the UK.” Absolutely correct, but Corbyn’s own conditions &amp; criteria mean reduced access – there is no ‘job’s first’ Brexit 2. 
 Corbyn: “we will not accept an off the peg model for our future relationship with the European Union” – Sounds like May saying not Norway, not Canada – but EU is offering Norway or Turkey or Canada. 3. 
 Corbyn: “the option of a new UK customs union with the EU would need to ensure the UK has a say in future trade deals.” The UK has a vote &amp; veto on EU trade deals as an EU member state: the UK will not have a vote outside the EU – surely Corbyn knows this. 4. 
 Corbyn wants a say on single mkt rules ‘we cd not accept a situation where we were subject to all EU rules..yet had no say in making those laws. That wd leave us as mere rule-takers &amp; isn’t a tenable position.’ But outside EU, UK has no vote, outside EEA no say: he rejects both 5 
 In this magical world outside EU/EEA, according to Corbyn, the UK not only gets a say/is not a rule-taker, but gets opt-outs too “..we would want to negotiate protections or exemptions where necessary from current rules and directives..” 6. 
 Corbyn wants: “a deal that gives us full tariff-free access to the single market” But it’s EU regulations, laws, the 4 freedoms that gives full access to the single mkt &amp; remove non-tariff barriers. Tariff-free trade wd still mean less acess, lower trade, lower growth 7. 
 Corbyn wants to prevent “employers being able to import cheap agency labour to undercut existing pay and conditions..” but expert evidence is that free movement has not undermined wages; &amp; no full single mkt access without free movement 8. 
 Corbyn: “retaining the benefits of the customs union and the single market is vital to future Labour governments in both Holyrood and Westminster”. This is full cake &amp; eat it mode given the above. 9. 
 Corbyn also suggests in a customs union outside single mkt, he can solve N Ireland border by ensuring “that there are no tariffs with Europe and avoid any need for a hard border in Northern Ireland.” But cherry-picking the single mkt means a hard border can’t be avoided10. 
 Why will Corbyn not oppose the huge political, economic, social, &amp; security damage from Brexit &amp; demand 2nd EU referendum? “As democratic socialists we respect the result of the referendum” – this in Scotland where 62% voted remain, in a UK where 52% now support remain. 11. 
 In summary, Corbyn wants UK to be outside EU but have a say in its trade policy, outside EU’s single mkt but have a say in its rules, full access &amp; a range of opt-outs; he wants all benefits, new exemptions, no rethinking of Brexit. This isn’t jobs-first nor internationalist. 12.