1. "Digging for Filth: A detour into the shadowy world of Clinton acolytes" Preferably read this in conjunction with my Tale of Two dossiers quoted below. https://t.co/iOqACJJDvZ 
 2.Few people have heard of Cody Shearer, a Clinton flunky who was funneling "intelligence reports" Sidney Blumenthal was channeling to Hillary Clinton during her time at the State Department. 
 3. His father is Lloyd Shearer, former editor of Parade magazine who wrote often gossipy and reputation-ruining articles. Lloyd was friends with the Clintons. A sign was erected over Lloyd Shearer's guest house: ''Bill Clinton slept here.'' https://t.co/s2K17lm642 
 4. Bill and Hillary Clinton were college friends of his elder son and Cody's brother, Derek. Derek Shearer was eventually named ambassador to Finland; his sister, Brooke, became a senior adviser to the secretary of the interior. 
 5. A series of columns Cody Shearer wrote on the sexual proclivities of former Texas senator John Tower sank his nomination for defense secretary in 1989. Interestingly senator Tower and his daughter died in a plane crash. There were no survivors. https://t.co/Dj0oZh7CUf 
 6. Kathleen Willey, the woman who said Bill Clinton groped her in the Oval Office, claimed she was the target of an unusual house burglary over that nabbed a manuscript for her upcoming book with revelations that could have damage Hillary's presidential campaign. 
 7. little else was taken from her rural Virginia home as she slept alone upstairs -- electronics and jewelry were left behind. She blamed the Clinton's for it. There was a man who threatened her just prior to her testimony against President Clinton the so called "jogger" 
 8. In her the, Willey cites speculation that the so-called "jogger" was Cody Shearer..... Yes. That guy. Of course Media Matters bashed her for saying that. https://t.co/YXiFPZrjbX 
 9. In 2011, as a State Department-sanctioned revolution against the Qaddafi regime in Libya was picking up steam, longtime Clinton consigliere Sidney Blumenthal was sending “confidential” intelligence memos to Hillary Clinton. . 
 10. He was touting leaders of the Libyan rebel movement with whom he had business dealings and pushing for the hire of private military contractors while working as an adviser to Osprey Global Solutions, a contracting company seeking to do business in Libya 
 11. Shearer was aiding Blumenthal in these “intelligence” efforts. Gawker published an email from May 2011, Shearer appeared to be serving as the liaison between Blumenthal and “Grange,” the former Army general and CEO of Osprey. 
 12. They organized small team of contractors to conduct an unspecified mission to the Libyan border from Tunisia. Cody was in frequent contact with “K,” a Libyan named Khalifa al Sherif who seems to be feeding Shearer intelligence reports from inside Libyan revolutionary council 
 13. Much of the intelligence contained in memos fed to the Clinton State Department by Blumenthal was not just self-serving — it was provided by someone with a history of misrepresenting himself as an agent of the U.S. government. https://t.co/fZh0OohLt6 
 14. Turns out the word "opposition research" is not new and Cody Shearer is not new to conducting it. Slate in 1999 wrote "Shearer who, during the 1992 presidential campaign, introduced the world--through the unlikely medium of Doonesbury--to Brett Kimberlin." 
 15. "Kimberlin was the convicted bomber, habitual liar, and all-around sociopath who claimed to have sold drugs to Dan Quayle. Was Shearer acting on behalf of the legendary Clinton "opposition research" outfit?" 
 16. similar question arose during Sen. Fred Thompson's long, comprehensive, and inconclusive hearings into the Democratic Party's 1996 campaign fund-raising shenanigans. There, Shearer's name popped up in the course of Sen. Don Nickles' angry questioning of Terry Lenzner 
 17. Lenzner was private investigator who would later, in the thick of the Jones/Lewinsky/Willey matter, be accused of coordinating efforts to smear and intimidate those women. 
 18. Shearer acted as a liaison between Lenzner's firm, Investigative Group International, and Cheyenne-Arapaho tribe. The tribe had donated more than $100,000 to the Dems, hoping that administration would intervene on its behalf in a dispute over drilling rights on tribal land 
 19. Using the amazing gift of hindsight it is fairly clear even to a minimally discerning reader that the Clinton machine was perfecting it deceit/ intimidation/bribery and pay to play machinery. They used Shadow men to damage reputations and heap threats on the non-compliant. 
 20. I wasn't old enough to be politically savvy in 1999 when this story broke. Chris Matthews asked Kathleen Willey about the mysterious jogger who threatened her, her children and the cat. Chris Matthews asked "Is it a Shearer?" https://t.co/bzC04PZgaD 
 21. The same Chris Matthews who got a thrill up his leg when Obama ran, the same MSM who has a boner lasting more than 4 hours when they saw Kim Jong Un's sister at the Olympics. Will someone ask "is it a Shrearer?" When it involves treason against a sitting US president? -Fin