Cryptocurrency is effecting a turning of the tide from Gresham's Law to Thiers' Law. 
 2/ Gresham’s Law states that "bad money drives out good.” It applies when both forms of money are considered legal tender and have their exchange rate set by law. 
 3/ People will hoard the “good” money (which becomes the store of value) and transact with the “bad” money (which becomes the medium of exchange). Merchants are forced to accept this “bad” money because of the legal tender laws. 
 4/ The classic example is the United States half dollar coins. Originally, these coins contained 90% silver but in 1965 the silver content was reduced to 40%. 
 5/ As a result, the older 90% silver coins quickly disappeared from circulation as people hoarded them for their fundamental value, while they transacted with the newer debased coins since they legally had the same face value. 
 6/ @NickSzabo4 wrote an excellent historical piece with many more examples of this idea: https://t.co/AHca4k8DR0 
 7/ Cryptocurrencies are changing all of this. #Bitcoin is exchanged across borders worldwide and has the potential to act as a global reserve currency. We are no longer crippled by legal tender laws forcing us to accept both good &amp; bad forms of money as payment for debts. 
 8/ Now, a merchant has the right to refuse a payment if they deem it “bad” money. In time, debt will be paid with “good” money, as demanded by the merchant or recipient of the transaction. 
 9/ As a result, the “good” money (which previously only served as the store of value) becomes the medium of exchange as well. 
 10/ This is where the case for Bitcoin transcends &amp; exceeds the use case for Gold. As “digital gold,” $BTC is highly divisible and easily transferrable. As “good” money, it is desirable as a Store of Value and ultimately will be demanded as the Medium of Exchange for settlement. 
 11/ This is Thiers' Law (the reverse of Gresham's Law) which argues that "bad" money (in our case, fiat) will drive “good” money (Bitcoin or insert your favorite crypto coin here) to a premium rather than driving it out of circulation. 
 12/ Ultimately, a global financial system based on meritocracy will evolve. As @naval aptly put it: “Blockchain-based market networks will replace existing networks. Slowly, then suddenly. In one thing, then in many things."