I'm about to share and give you Mockingbirds a lesson. I see that the black internet and MSM are high-fiving Jay Z, because of the claims of Trump calling Haiti and Nigeria "Sh!thole" but have no real proof he said it. It's been told that Illinois Senator Richard "Dickhead" https://t.co/HqJalvLZ50 
 Durbin actually made that up, but back to Jay Z. He talked about Trump and racism but this is the same idiot w/ his wife supported and campaigned for Hillary Clinton, yes Hillary "Body Count" Clinton that helped make Haiti and Nigeria "Sh!tholes".. Haiti with stealing billions 
 of dollars donated funds for 2010 Haitian Earthquake through The Clinton Foundation &amp; The Red Cross, also went there to child/sex traffick Haitian children. If you think I'm lying look up "Laura Silsby" convicted for taking Haitian children out the country without the 
 government’s consent. After Laura Silsby's served time, she was given a job under the Obama Administration at Alert Sense, that provides software for Amber Alert. Laura Silsby was Marketing VP at Alert Sense. The Clinton Foundation was also in Nigeria when she was Sec. Of State. 
 The State Department was meddling in Nigeria’s presidential elections using the tool of Boko Haram violence, which too was doing human trafficking, with The Gates Foundation giving Nigerians HIV/AIDS through botched polio vaccinations and fondling money through their 
 foundations. Also, the death of Klaus Eberwein, who was a Haitian government official. Eberwein was due to appear before the Haitian Senate Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission where he was widely expected to testify that the Clinton Foundation misappropriated Haiti earthquake 
 donations from international donors, he was found dead in a Miami hotel of a gunshot to the head. Ruled a suicide. Eberwein, who had acknowledged his life was in danger, was a fierce critic of the Clinton Foundation's activities in the Caribbean island, where he served as 
 director general of the government's economic development agency. This is the same Jay Z that supported Hillary Clinton, whose mentor Senator Robert Byrd was a Grand Wizard in the KKK and was a recruiter of the KKK in his 20's and 30's. This is the same Jay Z that supported 
 Hillary Clinton, who had "slaves" while she was Arkansas First Lady, and while being First Lady of The United States called black boys and black men "Super Predators" and her husband Bill Clinton and Joe Biden (who was the co-writer of the bill) created the 1996 Crime Bill. 
 This bill was the "3 Strikes Bill" "The Mass Incarceration Bill" and "The School-to-Prison Pipeline Bill" which former President Clinton defended his wife's "Super Predator" remark and The 1996 Crime Bill during Hillary Clinton's 2017 Presidental Run. This is the same Jay Z that 
 supported Hillary Clinton who with Obama's permission assassinated Muammar Gaddafi, and now we have Black Libyans being sold into slavery there. Her infamous saying was "We Came. We Conquered. He Died." This is the same Hillary Clinton that staged the 2012 Benghazi Attack. This 
 is the same Jay Z that supported Hillary Clinton that praised Eugenicist and founder of Planned Parenthood Margaret Sanger. Clinton was awarded an award in Sanger's name. Hillary said this about Sanger: Now, I have to tell you that it was a great privilege when I was told that 
 I would receive this award. I admire Margaret Sanger enormously, her courage, her tenacity, her vision ... And when I think about what she did all those years ago in Brooklyn, taking on archetypes, taking on attitudes and accusations flowing from all directions, 
 I am really in awe of her. Clinton goes on to say this about Sanger: Here at home, there are still too many women who are denied their rights because of income, because of opposition, because of attitudes that they harbor. But around the world, too many women are denied even the 
 opportunity to know about how to plan and space their families. They're denied the power to do anything about the most intimate of decisions. And finally, she ends in saying this: The complex problems now confronting America as the result of the practice of reckless procreation 
 are fast threatening to grow beyond human control. Everywhere we see poverty and large families going hand in hand. Those least fit to carry on the race are increasing most rapidly. People who cannot support their own offspring are encouraged by Church and State to produce large 
 families. Many of the children thus begotten are diseased or feeble-minded. Many become criminals. The burden of supporting these unwanted types has to be borne by the healthy elements of the nation. Funds that should be used to raise the standard of our civilization are diverted 
 to the maintenance of those who should never have been born. This is the same Jay Z that made a music video/art exhibit with Head Spirit Cooker, Marina Abramovic. This is the same Jay Z that supports George Soros funded Black Lives Matter. The same Black Lives Matter that openly 
 threatens Darren Seals via Twitter saying "They can't wait for the day that they drag him through the streets" well that day came September 6, 2016 (and if you're a Seals (I'm a Seals) and supports BLM shame on you!!!!) We can't forget how Jay Z for years degraded women through 
 his music and videos, promoting selling drugs and the mobster lifestyle, and him and his wife promoting infidelity (I'm guilty of being a fan of his in the past, which ended after the 1st Blueprint Album). If Trump did call Haiti and Nigeria "Sh!tholes" it's because it's true, 
 they are "Sh!tholes".. Ya'll mad at the wrong person. Trump didn't make Haiti and Nigeria "Sh!tholes".. The Bushes, Obama, Bill Gates and his wife, and Bill and Hillary Clinton did that and the f**ked up part is that black people aren't even mad at them. Jay Z knows. Jay Z 
 is playing his part to continue to dumb you down, lower your frequencies, continue to make you a Mockingbird so you can continue to love those that truly f**k us with no Vaseline. So, I say to Jay Z, You're a "Sh!thole" too. Drops Mic!!! 
 (Also, when you ask for receipts, I got them!) 😉 #JayZ #StopWorshippingCelebrites #CelebritesGottaPlayTheGame #ComeIntoTheLight #ItsTimeToBeRedPilled #ThrowYourBluePillsAway