No great secret. @jeremycorbyn is an idiot. As perhaps are some of @UKLabour support. This will highlight a lot of what's wrong with Corbyn's nationalisation position but remember the Tories are worse overall. Not that it matters since after Leaving the EU, everyone is toast. 
 Corbyn has been cited as holding a position where membership of the Single Market &amp; EU prevents the UK from Nationalising the Railways or Utilities. #FakeNews. The following. Minimum, 80% Nationalised. Germany, France, Italy... All EU, all public owned. https://t.co/MIUmNq86Zr https://t.co/GMhXmEI3IE 
 I remember Corbyn attempting to run a principled @UKLabour Party. Using real data to make decisions. But since courting some of disintegrating UKIP, while feasting on tactical Remain votes (outnumbering ex-UKIP by several orders of magnitude) he's become the same #FakeNews junkie 
 It seems he's fallen into defending his policies by lying to the UK public. It's pretty obvious. If you want to renationalise, you have to take over or acquire the shares of private companies. You can't just say "we'll have that" since it's theft. 
 It's perhaps no great secret that some railway franchises are EU group owned. So perhaps in Corbyn's head, leaving means those EU companies can't have recourse to the ECJ. But that again, is incorrect. They are GROUP companies. They are UK subsidiaries of group holding companies. 
 Take the example of C2C. They operate the Thameside franchise in London. C2C are owned by Trenitalia. Italy's train service provider. But... https://t.co/RwOAHikVQO 
 Here's the thing. Trenitalia C2C is a British company. While the group holding company, Trenitalia, is Italian, C2C itself isn't. Its British operated and run. Here is its Company's house registration. https://t.co/Bl8alNg5rz 
 It's British in the eyes of HMRC, Company's House and, where applicable, in Law. So his plan, if shutting the borders is it, for this purpose, simply won't work. It's garbage. Why? Several reasons. 
 1. The local, British company is a separate entity. "Sovereign" in its own right. Operating independent of its parent &amp; is independent in UK law. Leaving the EU does nowt to weaken the train operator position, but does screw up workers &amp; suppliers within it &amp; Network Rail. 
 2. There are 2 ways of renationalising. a) buy up over 71% of shares to stop voting rights prejudicing your nationalisation asset strip, TUPE &amp; windup. Needs a publicly listed company on the stock market, or access to convince their shareholders to leave. b) Buy the company. 
 C2C is not listed! There are also, 7 directors. All people. So you have to approach all shareholders within that group to buy them. Because you can't conduct a hostile takeover. 
 Hence, Corbyn is left with option 2. To buy the company. At the last count, Corbyn would have to pay over £73 million for this franchise alone and this is. A very cheap franchise. They're usually at least double, with mainline (East and West Coast) costing billions! 
 Also, the organisations are entitled under UK law to claim lost profits for ending 10 to 20 year franchises early. But Corbyn has budgeted several tens of billions and that portion is workable. But were leaving the EU why? ... 
 It seems @jeremycorbyn has swallowed some @Nigel_Farage man juice here. As established at the top of this thread, the EU does not prevent nationalisation. It promotes market liberalisation. A different thing. It wants suppliers to provide competitive value for public money. 
 This isn't just my view. We all know Nige sits at the back of the class, bullying p*kis and learning nothing, but it shouldn't be the gutter, fake news politics of KIPpers @UKLabour should be using. https://t.co/HGBnPYKQ0o 
 Indeed, far from being a barrier to nationalisation, EU law actively encourages it, by promotion of municipal control of local rail &amp; utilities. Perfect for a devolved administration such as London, Manchester, Wales and Scotland. Since they set buy-back agenda on demand. 
 Even better, we're structured pretty close to that way. Railways link city to city &amp; town to town. Meaning it just needs a mutual arrangement on terminus ends. Utilities like Gas &amp; Water are distributed through a Distribution Network which is then bought by the top 6 suppliers 
 Distribution networks are overseen by Ofgem, not any body in the EU (albeit some EU directives on safety &amp; regulations on procurement etc. apply, but they apply regardless). So @jeremycorbyn is kicking people out of the UK and limiting his options for nothing!