THREAD: Last night's revelation by @chrisinsilico put paid to the apology/notion that #CambridgeAnalytica was ANYTHING like traditional microtargeting pioneered by the Obama campaign. Anyone who tells you this is either a) ignored or b) sowing misinformation https://t.co/9YElu5gvmm 
 #CambridgeAnalytica was developed out of a military contractor, SCL. It used military tools from the Fifth Battlespace - INFORMATION OPERATIONS - these are designed to deceive and control combatants. 
 As Chris explained - you don't use a 'marketing technique' to get an enemy general to lead his troops up the wrong hill (covered in fake tanks) to ambush him. You use misinformation, rumour campaigns, false flags, etc. 
 Thanks to the information available on all of us through our digital 'exhaust' Chris said last night that #CambridgeAnalytica treated each individual voter in an election campaign as if they were an enemy general, changing the battlespace around them 
 So 'microtargeting' is just a means. This is the crucial difference people aren't getting. Even the data for the microtargeting (derived illicitly it seems) isn't as important as operating principle of #CambridgeAnalytica - it's not campaigning, it's a military grade weapon 
 That weapon is all about using information to corral populations, and (through playing to their psychometric biases) getting them to act on the basis of false information, to live in matrix #CambridgeAnalytica has created for target populations, at an individual level. 
 And here's the proof of that when it comes to the Trump Campaign and #CambridgeAnalytica. Mercer invested and Bannon led @BreitbartNews art at exactly the same time as they invested heavily in the technology created by @chrisinsilico - why did they do that? 
 Because rather than obvious (or even dark) ads, which are clearly political, they could do something much darker and more effective: target bespoke fake news at their chosen electorates. This isn't advertising or even propaganda. It's virtual war. 
 That was Bannon's genius, the dark triad of microtargeting, emotional psychometrics and fake news. It had been tried and tested by a US/UK military contractor in combat spaces, and was then turned on domestic populations. That ain't what Obama did /ENDS