(1) Hey howdy! I’m a member of the @NRA Apparently some unhinged, emotional children are saying my mere membership to the NRA = I have “blood on my hands”. Hmmmm https://t.co/lCrnWM370F 
 (2) Apparently this is meant to shame &amp; intimidate me into: 1. Renouncing my NRA membership 2. Giving up my guns 3. Joining their "cause" of banning others guns Let's see if that'll work. What do you think? I have a couple thoughts. 
 (3) I lived decades in "the city/suburbs/towns". As the slow creep of crime &amp; unabated illegal immigration invaded each neighborhood, I moved to keep my family safe. 
 (4) I want nothing but a clean, safe place to live, work &amp; be part of a decent society. But OTHERS were making that impossible. OTHERS were causing safety problems. I could tell those stories, but it would take forever. SO, I moved out to the country. 
 (5) Living out in the middle of nowhere doesn't mean one is completely safe though. There's these things called roads. People use them. 
 (6) So despite my childish &amp; irrational desire to ban a tool (roads), I had to accept their existence. Oh well! Anyway... 
 (7) The first year I lived out in the country, I realized very quickly that even though I'm isolated, there can still be danger AND it's up to ME to protect my family from that danger. 
 (8) One morning, on her way to work, my wife called me on her cell phone, "Down our road, there's some guy hiding in the bushes. Keep an eye on things" 
 (9) I didn't really think much of it. I figured maybe it was a hiker taking a break in the shade. But I kept it in the back of my mind. 
 (10) An hour later, I have to drive down the mountain to run some errands and sure enough, about a mile down our road is some dude hiding in the bushes. Weird. Bah, shake it off. I have things to do. Drive. drive. 
 (11) I spend a few hours down in the valley, taking care of business, and I drive back up the mountain. As I arrive up our road, there's the same dude, only this time he's standing in the middle of the road, blocking my path. 
 (12) Now, mind you, it's been at least 6 hours since my wife's first report that there's a guy hiding in the bushes. So my creepy-radar is pegged. Wtf, right? 
 (13) So I slowly pull up and stop. He's shirtless, waving his arms &amp; has wild eyes. My immediate assessment is the dude is on drugs. 
 (14) I stop, and before I can ask him what's going on, he runs to my door &amp; yells, "GOT ANY FOOD????!!!" What? "No, hi, I'm stuck. This is my situation" just yelling &amp; waving arms at me? 
 (15) I'm no cold hearted asshole. I don't mind helping people. But after years of living in the city, I've learned to stay away from the drug users, especially when they're tripping out. They're dangerous. Period. To themselves and others. 
 (16) I replied simply "NO" and quickly drove away to get home an call the authorities. He wasn't going to die of starvation before proper people came to help him. 
 (17) When I got home, I immediately grabbed my phone &amp; my binoculars. Called the sheriff's dept and notified them of the crazy person hiding in the bushes. At the same time I was able to watch him a mile down the road with my binoculars 
 (18) He pulled a bicycle out of the bushes and in a fit of rage, threw it in the middle of the road. Then started jumping up and down. 
 (19) What? Why was he hiding in the bushes if he had a bike to ride to safety or food? Weird. Anyway, he started riding up the road towards our house. 
 (20) I couldn't see him any longer, so I walked outside to get a better look. That's when I noticed fresh bicycle tire tracks on my property. WTF? The dude was already at MY HOUSE while I was away? Damn. 
 (21) So that's when I went back inside, loaded my .45 &amp; put it in my holster. If some wacko was gonna freak out on me, at least I had an equalizer at hand. Were the cops there yet? Nope. Not even close.... 
 (22) Now, some may argue there's no need for a gun. Maybe not. Maybe I should just be a victim. Fair enough. My wife wasn't there. BUT... 
 (23) I consider it my morale obligation to protect her. Part of protecting her, is protecting MYSELF so I can still be around for her. So dammit, I'm going to do just that. 
 (24) This story is taking much longer than I anticipated, so let's cut to the ending. The guy wandered up around our neighborhood and fortunately he didn't come to my house again. He then rode back down the road and finally left our area- HOURS LATER. 
 (25) Did the police ever come? NO But they did call back about 4 hours later. "We have a deputy that could come up to the area..." I replied, "Don't bother the crazy guy is gone" 
 (26) So basically, unless somebody is ALREADY hurt or a crime is ALREADY committed, the police will never come to our remote area. That's reality kids. 
 (27) In my world, the police is only there to mop up the mess. 
 (28) So, do you think I'm going to give up my RIGHT to protect my family because an emotional teenager is shaming me? Telling me I have "blood on my hands" ? No. It's absurd. Completely absurd. /end storytime